 Jordan Henderson has been on Liverpool’s books for many years now, making over 400 appearances and captaining them throughout their most successful period in the last decade. However, Henderson is 31 years of age and will be 32 in June, meaning his time at the very top level is running out. Now though, as per reports coming out of France, Jurgen Klopp sees AS Monaco midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni as a long-term replacement for Jordan Henderson and James Milner. However, it is added that Klopp and co. will face competition from a number of Europe’s top clubs for the midfielder’s services.  21-year-old Tchouameni currently plies his trade in Ligue 1 with AS Monaco. Despite his tender years, the youngster now has over 80 Ligue 1 appearances under his belt, and has quickly become one of the division’s rising stars. He is a very defensively sound player whose main focus is disrupting attacks and winning the ball back. This was demonstrated well in 2020/21, when Tchouameni ranked joint-first for most tackles and interceptions made in Ligue 1. The midfielder’s recent form would also see him called up to the France national team for the first time in his career at the back end of 2021. And so far this term, Tchouameni is once again demonstrating his defensive dominance, ranking 1st in Ligue 1 for the most tackles and interceptions made with 165. Jordan Henderson has made an interesting Liverpool claim ahead of the 2022 League Cup final. Liverpool are set to face off with Chelsea at Wembley in the 2022 League Cup final later today. Jurgen Klopp has never won the League Cup with Liverpool and has shown in the past that… In "Sports" Liverpool have emerged as a surprise contender to land a West Ham forward rated highly by Jurgen Klopp, per a report. The reasons behind Liverpool’s struggles last season have been well documented. The unprecedented injury crisis at centre half caused untold disruption. However, the lack of cutting edge from their… In "Sports" Jurgen Klopp has revealed Liverpool’s view on potentially selling or loaning Caoimhin Kelleher. The Cork-native would join Liverpool’s youth ranks back in 2015 from Ringmahon Rangers FC. He has since spent many years impressing at under-23 and under-18 level for Liverpool. Now, in the last few seasons, Kelleher has begun… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!