 Sharing your Netflix password with someone for free outside your household may soon become a thing of the past. In a news release posted to its website Wednesday, the streaming giant announced that it will begin testing ways to make users sharing an account outside the household pay for the additional members. “We’ve always made it easy for people who live together to share their Netflix account, with features like separate profiles and multiple streams in our Standard and Premium plans,” the company said in a statement. “While these have been hugely popular, they have also created some confusion about when and how Netflix can be shared.” The company stated that the improper sharing of accounts outside the household has affected Netflix’s “ability to invest in great new TV and films for our members,” The company’s terms of service say an account “may not be shared with individuals beyond your household,” a rule often flouted by subscribers. The post Netflix to start charging those that share their passwords appeared first on Nairametrics. Netflix will begin testing a new feature that will prompt subscribers to pay extra if sharing the service with people outside their own household. The feature will allow households to add up to two “sub accounts” for a fee that’s less than the cost of the full-priced Netflix service. The… In "Business" A test launch will be conducted in three countries- Chile, Costa Rica and Peru. Netflix is reportedly set to launch a test which will see its subscribers pay an additional fee for users outside their household. According to Variety, the test which is the streamer's latest attempt to curb illicit… In "Entertainment" To ensure the promotion of safer and more responsible use of online technology and mobile phones, the international world safety day is celebrated on February 8, annually. With the theme ‘Together for a better internet’ everyone is expected to have a more empowering experience online when sharing with the people… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!