 According to a poll published Friday, a narrow majority of Swedes now supports joining the transatlantic alliance, up from 41 percent in late February. In Finland, public support for joining NATO has never been higher. A poll this week showed 53 percent of Finns supported joining NATO. That number went up to 66 percent if Sweden were to join too. The renewed interest in joining NATO comes as Russia intensifies its offensive on Ukraine, which also isn’t a NATO member, and after Russian jets violated Swedish airspace during a military exercise led by Stockholm. While NATO membership remains open to them, Finnish and Swedish leaders have not called for their countries to join the military alliance. But Russia’s aggression in Ukraine has made many rethink their red lines. Finns are evaluating “what is the line that Russia has crossed, and what is the line that Russia will not cross … And if Russia does cross some line, do we face it alone or together with others,” Finnish premier Sanna Marin told reporters on Monday. Finnish President Sauli Niinistö, known for his familiarity with Russian President Vladimir Putin, will meet his American counterpart Joe Biden in Washington DC today in a meeting that sends a clear signal: Finland is America’s ally, NATO or no NATO. According to a statement, the two presidents will discuss “Russia’s attack on Ukraine, how the war will affect Europe and bilateral collaboration between the U.S. and Finland.” Meanwhile, in Finland, a citizen’s initiative calling for a referendum on the matter received the necessary signatures in record time, which means it will be discussed in Parliament. Public support for NATO is on the rise in Sweden too. For the first time ever, the majority of Swedes support NATO membership, according to a poll by newspaper Aftonbladet. While 51 percent of Swedes are in favor, 27 percent do not want Sweden to join the alliance. Sweden’s socialist government does not want to join the alliance, but things could well change in the Swedish  general election in September. Finnish Foreign Minister Pekka Haavisto and his Swedish counterpart Ann Linde will attend a meeting of NATO foreign ministers on Friday. Haavisto said that Finnishing public opinion is  “turning more favorable to NATO membership,” but said that now  “is not the time, of course, to handle that issue — this is the time to show the solidarity to Ukraine.” As the NATO debate intensifies, Finland’s Niinistö has called for keeping a cool head. He dismissed Russia’s threat of “military consequences” following NATO expansion into the Nordics as old news. “I fully understand the concerns felt by Finns and the need to react to the situation. However, in the midst of an acute crisis, it is particularly important to keep a cool head and to assess the impact of past and possible future changes on our security carefully — not to delay, but carefully,” Niinistö said. Lili Bayer contributed reporting. Russian aggression in Ukraine has pushed the Finnish public closer than ever to NATO. Finnish political parties will gather on Tuesday to discuss Russia’s attack on Ukraine and Finland’s role in Europe’s new power balance. Finland’s potential NATO membership will also be on the table, Prime Minister Sanna Marin told… In "Politics" Vladimir Putin turned his attention to Sweden and Finland as the Ukraine crisis shows no signs of slowing (Picture: REX/EPA/Getty Images/AP) Russia has issued an ominous warning to Sweden and Finland should they decide to join NATO. It said the countries will face ‘serious military and political repercussions’ if it… In "Metro" The Russian government has sent a warning to Finland ahead of its decision to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). Finland has been quite indecisive for months about joining NATO with Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin saying it would require broad support for the country to move forward with… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!