Former England cricket captain Michael Vaughan has shared a touching tribute to Shane Warne after the legendary Australian leg-spinner passed away at the age of 52. Warne’s management confirmed on Friday afternoon that he had died of a suspected heart attack while on holiday in Thailand, with tributes pouring in for one of the greatest cricket players to ever play the game. Vaughan tussled with Warne plenty of times on the cricket field – and generally came out second best – but after hanging up their whites the two men became close friends. They were on commentary duty together for the latest Ashes series Down Under and Vaughan has revealed he spent Christmas with Warne and his family, with the Aussie offering him support when he was axed by the BBC. ‘I can’t tell you how hard it is to get this down in words,’ wrote Vaughan on Instagram. ‘It just doesn’t feel real to be talking about someone who once was an enemy on the pitch to one who became a great friend off it. ‘Shane was the greatest ever cricketer but more than that his character lit up every dressing room, commentary box, bar, golf club and friendship group. ‘His energy and positivity was beyond anyone I have ever known and he was loyal beyond loyal.  Eight players to watch at Women’s Cricket World Cup including England and India stars   England star Jason Roy explains decision to pull out of Indian Premier League   Shane Warne open to England job and reacts to James Anderson and Stuart Broad snubs  ‘At a time I needed support he was the first to pick up the phone and offer advice, help and the utmost support. ‘I will never ever forget the warmth he and his family gave me this winter when I was down under for Christmas alone. ‘To say I spent Warney’s last Xmas with him and his family is so sad but one I will cherish. All of us eating Turkey, beef, the usual Xmas trimmings and the King sticking to his lasagne sandwiches with bread rolls plastered with butter. ‘That’s Warney, the superstar, the greatest, friend to world superstars. Everyone wanted to be around him but ultimately he was just a normal guy who could do incredible things. ‘Leg spin is the hardest skill in our game and he mastered it. ‘He became a great poker player as he loved gambling but it was more the competition and trying to put the psych into his opponents that he loved… just like when he bowled. ‘My thoughts are with his mum Bridgette and dad Keith plus his three kids that I know he is immensely proud of. ‘Brooke, Summer and Jackson, we are all thinking of you. I am absolutely gutted to have a lost a great friend. One thing is for sure, heaven will be a livelier place now the King has arrived. Love ya Shane.’ MORE : Cricket legends lead tributes to Shane Warne after shocking death aged 52 MORE : England and West Indies obverse emotional minute’s silence for Shane Warne after cricket legend dies For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!