Mikel Arteta is ‘very happy’ that four of his Arsenal players have been called up to the latest England squad, as they ‘deserve’ it. Ben White, Aaron Ramsdale, Emile Smith Rowe and Bukayo Saka were all picked by Gareth Southgate for upcoming friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast later this month. While Saka has been a regular for the Three Lions, helping Southgate’s side reach the Euro 2020 final last summer, the other aforementioned players have had limited opportunities so far. Before Wednesday night’s 2-0 defeat to Liverpool, the Gunners were on a five-match winning streak in the Premier League. The players included in the England squad have played vital roles in the team’s push for the top four this season, and Arteta is delighted to see them chosen to represent their country. ‘Very happy, I’m really happy, especially for the boys because they deserve to be there,’ said Arteta on Friday. ‘They work so hard and I know how much it means for them to represent their country, and as a club I think we have to be very proud that our players are in the frontline and being noticed. It’s been a long time since that happened so I think it’s a good sign. When quizzed on what he puts their call-ups down to, Arteta replied: ‘Their efforts, how much they want it, obviously their quality, their ability, and then obviously what they’re doing performance wise to get the attention of the England manager.’  Gareth Southgate drops Marcus Rashford from England squad and calls up four Arsenal stars   Andy Robertson hails two Arsenal stars after Liverpool win to boost title hopes   ‘So talented’ – Jurgen Klopp raves about Arsenal star after Liverpool victory  On Ramsdale and whether he is the best goalkeeper in England, Arteta said: ‘He is there now and he’s going to be fighting for a place and knowing Aaron he’s going to be pushing very hard because it’s one his dreams. ‘And then it will be down to the coaching staff and the manager to decide if he will be number one.’ MORE : Gary Neville backs Manchester United to beat Arsenal to Premier League top-four finish MORE : Gareth Southgate drops Marcus Rashford from England squad and calls up four Arsenal stars For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!