Nintendo has made the understandable decision to delay the release of the Advance Wars 1+2 remake but have assured fans it’s not cancelled. It’s already been delayed once due to the pandemic but now Advance Wars 1+2: Re-Boot Camp on Nintendo Switch will also miss its second release date, but this time for a very different reason. Nintendo doesn’t mention the Russian invasion of Ukraine specifically but it’s very obvious what they’re talking about when they say it’s been delayed ‘in light of recent world events’. The game was due out on April 8 but now has no release date. However, Nintendo has made it clear it’s not been cancelled and will presumably pick a new date when it’s less likely to cause offence. In light of recent world events, we have made the decision to delay Advance Wars 1+2: Re-Boot Camp, which was originally scheduled to release on Nintendo Switch on 08/04. Please stay tuned for updates on a new release date. — Nintendo UK (@NintendoUK) March 9, 2022 Advance Wars 1+2: Re-Boot Camp is a remake of the first two Game Boy Advance titles from the early 2000s (the franchise is actually much older than that but the earlier games were only ever released in Japan), with the originals being considered by many, including us, as amongst the best strategy games ever made. The games are turn-based titles with a strong multiplayer focus and are considered a sister series to Fire Emblem, which was also created by original developer Intelligent Systems. Although neither series used to be particularly successful the sudden increase in popularity for Fire Emblem, in recent years, has seen Advance Wars all but ignored, with the last new entry being Nintendo DS game Advance Wars: Dark Conflict in 2008.  Turns out you can pause Elden Ring after all – even on consoles   Survivle is reverse Wordle where you avoid the correct answer   Babylon’s Fall review – the descent of Platinum Games  Nintendo rarely publishes war-themed games, with Advance Wars and its spin-offs being the only real examples. Despite so few releases in modern times this is not the first time a new Advance Wars game has suffered from unfortunate timing, with the original Game Boy Advance game being released in North America on September 10, 2001 – a day before the 9/11 terrorist attacks. It was to have been released in Japan a few weeks later but was cancelled entirely, only getting an official release as part of the Game Boy Wars Advance 1+2 compilation in 2004. Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter. MORE : Nintendo cancels Christmas by delaying Advance Wars remake MORE : Nintendo to remake best game ever with Advance Wars 1+2: Re-Boot Camp MORE : Wargroove review – Advance Wars: Indie Edition Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!