Kim Kardashian has offered up a rare glimpse into her romance with Pete Davidson, after finally making their relationship official. The 41-year-old shared loved-up photos with the Saturday Night Live comedian on Instagram last week following the end of her marriage to ex-husband Kanye West, sending us all into a spin. During an appearance on the Ellen DeGeneres Show, the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star lifted the lid on their whirlwind courtship – and that tattoo… When questioned over her recent Instagram snap, she told the host: ‘I guess it’s not official until you post. ‘I have the cutest pictures of us and I want to be like, “Oh my God, we’re so cute.” But then I’m like, “Don’t be so desperate. Don’t be posting so much, just give a glimpse.” ‘I don’t know what the right thing to do is, I haven’t dated in since before Instagram existed. I don’t know what the rules are.’ Ellen explained that she could see ‘a shift’ in the Skims businesswoman amid their budding romance. ‘It feels good,’ Kim continued. ‘I think it’s just in life, like no matter what it is, I just think I encourage my friends and the people that I love just to be happy. And I went for it. ‘I was like, “You know what, I’m in my 40s, f**k it, just go for it. Find your happiness.” I went for it and I took my time. I found it and it feels so good. ‘I want to hold on to that forever.’ Well, speaking of forever, the mom-of-four also took the opportunity to address speculation that the SNL star took the plunge and got a tattoo of her name on his chest. Clearing up the rumors, she confessed that the truth is a little more unique. ‘He has a few tattoos, a few cute ones that he got, but the Kim one isn’t a tattoo, it’s actually a branding,’ she added.  Rob Rinder hugs Strictly partner Oksana’s grandmother and auntie in emotional reunion   Kanye West ‘fears Pete Davidson will get Kim Kardashian hooked on drugs’ amid bitter feud   Bella Hadid’s parents Yolanda and Mohamed slammed for allowing her to have nose job at 14  ‘He wanted to do something that was really different because okay, first tattoo he got, I was like, “Thank you, oh my god,” second, I was like, “So cute,” but that’s what tattoo people do, right? They get tattoos of what’s going on in their life.’ ‘The branding is my name,’ she added, before letting slip of the other designs. ‘The other ones are cutesy things. I think my favourite one, it says: “My girl is a lawyer.” And that one’s really cute.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amy Schumer warns of ‘trouble’ ahead at this year’s Oscars as she gears up to present alongside Wanda Sykes and Regina Hall MORE : EastEnders star Zack Morris reveals reaction to Maisie Smith’s return for Keegan exit Making their relationship permanent. Kim Kardashian revealed that boyfriend Pete Davidson got her name “branded” on his chest —meaning it can’t be removed alongside his other tattoos. The Saturday Night Live star, 28, sent fans into a frenzy on Sunday, March 13, when a selfie he sent Kanye West appeared… In "Entertainment" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video A new trailer for The Kardashians is here and it’s just as explosive as we all hoped, giving us snippets of Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson’s blossoming romance and Kourtney Kardashian and… In "Metro" Pete Davidson, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. Shutterstock (3) Taking the high road. Amid Kanye West‘s public digs at Pete Davidson over his romance with Kim Kardashian, a source exclusively tells Us Weekly that the comedian isn’t sweating the small stuff. Pete Davidson’s Ups and Downs With Kanye West, Kardashian-Jenner… In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!