Feelings are still raw between Justin (James Stewart), Theo (Matt Evans), Alf (Ray Meagher), Ryder (Lukas Radovich) and Roo (Georgie Parker) after the boys’ video challenges resulted in Ryder almost dying during a ‘Buried Alive’ prank. When Theo fell down a ravine and was trapped overnight, Ryder ran out of oxygen in his underground box and was found unconscious the next day by a terrified Roo and Justin. With Ryder only just making it after being rushed to hospital, Alf unleashes his fury on Theo, who has walked away from the ordeal with nothing more than an injured ankle. Theo and Justin are insistent that Ryder participated in the challenges of his own free will – with Ryder chiming in to agree once he wakes up – but Alf is insistent that Theo manipulated his grandson. Justin is keen to mend bridges and approaches Roo outside the Diner once tensions have had time to simmer down. However, Alf approaches and isn’t happy to see the two men speaking with his daughter. His fury reaches boiling point again and he explodes in anger at Theo in public. Later, Justin goes to the house and confronts Alf, saying he needs to watch the videos himself to realise Ryder and Theo were equally responsible. Alf reacts by ordering Justin out of the house.  36 new EastEnders spoiler pictures reveal shock Gray aftermath and another murder reveal   Hollyoaks spoilers: Sid arrested as he returns to drug dealing to keep his past a secret?   EastEnders spoilers: Martin crushed as Whitney reveals Gray killed Kush  The next day, Alf approaches Cash (Nicholas Cartwright) at the police station and insists he wants to press charges against Theo for attempted murder. However, Cash makes the same point as everyone else – the videos prove that both boys were equally involved, and being an idiot isn’t a crime! Alf still won’t let it go and begins thinking of another way to punish Theo. John (Shane Withington) is working late when Alf shows up at the Surf Club. He asks John to dig up the file on the stolen Polaris, and John is taken aback. What is Alf planning? He is forced to obey his boss, but gives Justin a heads up. The next day, Theo has just got into his car when the police show up – he’s under arrest for theft of a vehicle… Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!