Chelsea technical director Petr Cech says he ‘hopes’ Thomas Tuchel will remain at the club, despite speculation linking the German with an exit from Stamford Bridge following the sanctions placed on Roman Abramovich. The Russian billionaire had his assets froze earlier this week due to his ties with Vladimir Putin and Chelsea are now operating with a special liscence that bans the club from signing and selling players, selling match tickets and offering new contracts. Tuchel has been a revelation in west London but he’s been linked with Manchester United since news about the sanctions broke, with Ralf Rangnick keen to appoint his apprentice at Old Trafford. With so much uncertainty over the club’s future – including the threat of administration – Cech fronted up to SkySports before today’s clash against Newcastle United and attempted to answer some difficult questions about the club’s future. Asked about Tuchel’s future, Cech said the club have been informed that all current contracts are ‘valid’ and he hopes the German will remain at Stamford Bridge. ‘Well Thomas has a contract until 2024 and as it stands we’ve been told that the contracts will be valid,’ Cech told SkySports. ‘In that way we hope that we will have him as a coach because he’s been absolutely brilliant on every level but that’s another thing that tomorrow the situation can change and my answer will be irrelevant.  Cristiano Ronaldo makes history as Man Utd beat Tottenham to keep top four hopes alive   Tottenham star slammed for what he did to Harry Maguire after Man Utd own goal   Roy Keane claims Man Utd star was ‘angry and upset’ in Tottenham win  A number of parties are interested in buying the club from Abramovich, with the government willing to allow a sale to go through should the Russian not benefit from the transaction. British businessman Nick Candy is a leading candidate to buy the club and he’s vowed to include a supporter on the board should his bid be accepted. Cech spoke passionately about the club’s values and says the new owners will inherit a club with a long history that extends further than the 19 years under Abramovich’s ownership. ‘Chelsea Football Club has 117 years of history and a lot of success and that success comes down to hard work and dedication of these people who have been working at the club since it was founded,’ said Cech. ‘It has its own journey and its own success and of course I hear around that people try to take the last 19 years and try to erase it from the memory of the football community but this is not about money this is about dedication, hard work and the players that sweat every day and work hard with people behind the scenes to make people successful. We’ve done it within all the rules and financial fair plays and everything which was in our power and i believe that should not be forgotten. MORE : Potential Chelsea buyer Nick Candy makes promise to fans over takeover bid For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!