 Arsenal starlet Bukayo Saka has this evening departed the England national team camp, it has been confirmed. Word had of course spread across the media over the last 24 hours that wide-man Saka had emerged as a doubt to feature for his country in their latest round of pre-World Cup friendlies over the course of the coming week. This came amid rumours of illness on the part of the 20-year-old, albeit with it assured that little evidence had pointed towards the issue being Covid-19-related. Bukayo Saka ill in his hotel room at St George’s Park but nothing has come back to suggest it is Covid-related in any way. — Mark Mann-Bryans (@MarkyMBryans) March 23, 2022  Unfortunately for both Saka and England alike, however, such reports have since proven to be wide of the mark. This comes with confirmation having arrived on Thursday evening that, in fact, the youngster has tested positive for Covid-19. Saka, in turn, has departed Gareth Southgate’s squad with immediate effect, having remained in self isolation away from the rest of the Three Lions’ stars since Wednesday. A replacement will not be called up in place of the Arsenal man. Get well soon, @BukayoSaka87! 👊 — England (@England) March 24, 2022  News of Saka’s departure from the nation’s camp of course comes ahead of a pair of England fixtures set to play out over the course of the next five days. As Southgate and co. step up their preparations for the Qatar World Cup later this year, first up on Saturday night comes a friendly showdown with Switzerland at Wembley. Then, three days later, history will be made, when the Three Lions play host to African outfit Côte d’Ivoire (The Ivory Coast), for the very first time.   Bukayo Saka is a potential doubt to be named in the starting XI for England’s clash with Switzerland on Saturday 26th March at Wembley. This comes as it has been reported that the Arsenal star has been suffering from illness (though nothing suggests that it is covid-related) at the team… In "Sports" The 20-year-old has been isolating since Wednesday after falling ill (Picture: Getty) Arsenal star Bukayo Saka has been forced to withdraw from the England squad after testing positive for coronavirus, with the Three Lions electing not to call up a replacement. The 20-year-old reported for duty at St George’s Park… In "Metro" Saka ruled out of Romania friendlyEngland manager Gareth Southgate have been dealt a serious blow with Bukayo Saka being ruled out of the friendly this evening against Romania with a hip problem. The positive news is that it is not expected to keep him out of the tournament but after… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!