 Orbán’s close relationship with President Vladimir Putin has been under renewed scrutiny since the revanchist Russian leader decided to attack Ukraine, Hungary’s neighbor. And Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has called out Orbán for not offering stronger support to his embattled country. In many European countries, the prime minister’s stance might mean the end of a political career. Not so in Hungary. Ahead of Sunday’s parliamentary election, Orbán has avoided the campaign becoming a referendum on his history with Moscow. Instead, his message comes down to one simple idea: He’ll keep Hungary out of the war, his opponents won’t. It doesn’t matter that the Hungarian opposition isn’t advocating for Hungary to send troops into Ukraine, Orbán has used state resources and a friendly media echo chamber to suggest the opposite. His team has tapped a government coronavirus email database to blast out talking points and plastered the country with taxpayer-funded posters that proclaim, “Let’s preserve Hungary’s peace and security!” next to Orbán’s image. Pro-government outlets and Orbán’s own foreign minister are even accusing the government in Kyiv of supporting Hungary’s opposition alliance. Polls suggest the tactics are working: Orbán is in the lead in terms of popular support. “I’m not accountable before the Lord for the people of Ukraine, but for the people of Hungary,” the prime minister said in a radio interview last weekend. “Hungarian policy,” Orbán declared, “is neither Ukrainian-friendly nor Russian-friendly: It’s Hungarian-friendly.” An Orbán win would resonate across the EU. While the bloc responded with alacrity and solidarity in the war’s early weeks, imposing sanctions and approving funds to shuttle arms to Ukraine, fissures are starting to show and Orbán has staunchly opposed more stringent sanctions on Russian energy. Another Orbán term would also force the EU to finally confront a fraught question: whether to slash budget funds to Budapest over findings of democratic backsliding. Orbán’s opponents have responded by redoubling efforts to highlight the prime minister’s relationship with Putin. “The war in Ukraine and the Russian aggression changed a lot of things,” said Klára Dobrev, a member of the left-liberal Democratic Coalition who is running as the No. 2 candidate on the united opposition’s list. Dobrev, a member of the European Parliament, told POLITICO that the war “increased the feeling of insecurity” among Hungarians. Now, she said, Sunday’s election came down to a choice between “Orbán or Europe — that’s the vote.” Hungarians on Sunday will choose between Orbán’s right-wing populist Fidesz party — which has been in power for the past 12 years — and a diverse alliance of six opposition parties and its candidate for prime minister, provincial conservative mayor Péter Márki-Zay. While the campaign initially focused on issues such as corruption, the economy and an anti-LGBTQ+ referendum also scheduled by the government for this weekend, the conflict next door changed the conversation. “The war has cast a shadow over the whole Hungarian campaign,” Orbán said in his radio interview. “The question of peace and security is now also part of what’s at stake in the election. And our message is clear: Only Fidesz can create peace in Hungary, only we can guarantee the security of the Hungarian people,” the prime minister said. Despite this rhetoric, Orbán has thus far gone along with Western allies as they boost their military presence in the region and fund arms shipments to Ukraine. Budapest allowed NATO to deploy troops in western Hungary and did not oppose an EU move to provide €500 million for arms and other aid to the Ukrainian military. Hungary has also supported multiple rounds of EU sanctions meant to sever much of Russia’s economy from the bloc. But back home, Orbán’s message to voters is that Hungary itself should not provide weapons to Ukraine and that Budapest will oppose further steps that might harm the country’s economy, such as stricter energy sanctions. The government is also not allowing the direct transit of weapons across the Hungarian-Ukrainian border. “We’re giving the Ukrainians everything we can, perhaps even beyond our capacity,” the prime minister said. “But we will not comply with any demands of theirs which would destroy our national community — either in a biological sense, with our sons dying in someone else’s war, or with the ruination of Hungary’s economy.” The conflict is on voters’ minds: During a campaign event this week in Budaörs, a town outside Budapest, one voter asked about Hungary’s defenses and relationship with NATO — a question that would have been highly unusual in other recent campaigns, when local gatherings tended to focus on matters such as health care and pensions. Hungarians are deeply divided over how they assess Orbán’s foreign policy. Sixty-four percent of Hungarians say the invasion of Ukraine was more “aggression” than “defense” by Moscow, according to a poll conducted by the Publicus Institute between March 7 and March 11. But that feeling is heavily weighted by Orbán’s opponents. Ninety-one percent of opposition voters felt Moscow was the aggressor, compared to merely 44 percent among Fidesz voters. Similarly, while 90 percent of opposition voters said Orbán should condemn Russia more harshly for attacking Ukraine, only 8 percent of government supporters said the prime minister should escalate his tone, according to the poll. A separate study conducted by pollster Medián found that 43 percent of Fidesz supporters say Russia acted justly in Ukraine. Experts argue that Fidesz voters’ support for Orbán’s policies — despite a February visit he made to Moscow to boast about his cordial approach next to Putin — is due in part to the government’s tight control of much of the information landscape.  For more polling data from across Europe visit POLITICO Poll of Polls. For weeks, state-owned and pro-government media outlets have been promoting Russian narratives about the war. Róbert László, an analyst at the Political Capital Institute in Budapest, called it the government’s “media empire.” Orbán’s supporters “are in such a massive opinion bubble,” he said, that “it simply doesn’t matter what he said six weeks ago or three days ago.” It’s a bubble reinforced by Orbán’s use of state resources, like the publicly funded posters or the email database used to canvas people with this message: An Orbán government “will not allow that Hungarian families pay the price of war.” Before the war, Budapest and Kyiv maintained an uneasy relationship, tussling over the language rights of Hungarian speakers living in western Ukraine. Those tensions surged back to the fore in recent days after Zelenskyy chided Orbán publicly, telling the Hungarian leader, “You have to decide for yourself who you are with.” In response, Hungarian pro-government outlets and social media accounts unleashed a torrent of personal attacks against the Ukrainian leader. Some Orbán-supporting outlets even accused the government in Kyiv of helping boost Hungary’s opposition in the campaign, presenting Zelenskyy as a puppet who is trying to force Budapest into war. On Wednesday, tensions rose as Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó publicly accused the Ukrainian government of essentially interfering in Hungary’s election. The minister claimed, without proof, that the opposition had promised Kyiv it would provide Ukraine with weapons and back further energy sanctions if it came to power. Dmytro Kuleba, Ukraine’s foreign minister, rejected Szijjártó’s claims, declaring that Ukraine doesn’t meddle in Hungary’s domestic affairs. Kuleba then added a pointed barb: If Szijjártó feels an award he received from Russia is more important than his relationship with Ukraine, he should simply say so. Márki-Zay, the opposition’s candidate for prime minister, acknowledged that Russia’s invasion initially appeared to create a rallying effect for Orbán. “At first,” he said, “we noticed that people want security and they expect Orbán to be able to protect them.” Now, however, the opposition is making the case that Orbán is unable to defend Hungary. “Only NATO can protect Hungary, not Orbán,” Márki-Zay told POLITICO during a campaign stop in the town of Szolnok on Monday. “Orbán always wanted to stop Brussels, the EU. Now we all have to stop Putin in order to live in peace.” Hungarian Minister Gergely Gulyás, who serves as Orbán’s chief of staff, pushed back against the criticism. “We are a loyal member of the European Union and NATO,” Gulyás told POLITICO on Tuesday, noting that Budapest “condemned the Russian aggression” and supported sanctions. The difference in opinion, according to the minister, comes down to the Hungarian government’s view that sanctions should penalize “the Russians and not Europe.” For Gulyás, the government’s foreign policy could help in the upcoming election. “I think the decision of the Hungarian government is popular,” Gulyás said. “I think that if it will influence the election, it will be good for the government.” Hungary has vowed never to send troops or weapons to Ukraine as the Kyiv war with Moscow progresses. The Hungarians also said it will not allow lethal weapons to transit its territory in order to maintain the safety of the country. The country’s Foreign Minister, Peter Szijjarto said this during… In "Slider 2" Hungary will not allow the transit of lethal weapons to Ukraine through its territory, Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said on Monday. The Hungarian government, which nurtured a close relationship with the Kremlin over the past decade, has condemned Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and agreed to European sanctions. It also signed off on activating… In "Politics" Hungarian Prime Minister, Viktor Orban, has said that western weapon deliveries to Ukraine would not be allowed to transit across Hungary. “We have decided that we won’t allow any such deliveries,” Orban said in a statement distributed by the Hungarian news agency MTI on Monday night. Hungary, both a member… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!