 As permutations towards the 2023 Presidential elections continue to thicken, leading Southeast Presidential Aspirants in the ruling All Progressive’s Congress, Senators Orji Uzor Kalu and Rochas Okorocha met on Saturday afternoon in the Nation’s capital Abuja. The duo both former Governors of Abia and Imo States respectively, met in Abuja and held prolonged discussions behind closed doors. According to sources, Senator Rochas Okorocha had initially visited the Senate Chief Whip, Orji Kalu at his Aso-Villa residence where they exchanged pleasantries after which they departed Kalu’s residence to have lunch in the city centre where they both held discussions. Although details of the meeting were not disclosed, both Senators were captured on camera after the meeting. Details of the picture suggested that the August meeting was held at a popular mall in Abuja. Kalu and Rochas were captured eating lunch and having the engagement.Shortly after the dialogue Rochas decked in Blue native attire escorted Orji Kalu who also decked in grey coloured Polo T shirt and black coloured Track pants. Inside sources further suggested that the meeting of the Southeast stalwarts of the ruling party centred on forging a united front for the actualisation of the emergence of a Nigerian President from Southeast extraction. The meeting is expected to put to rest the notion that the Southeasterners are obviously not thinking of forging a common front by presenting and supporting one candidate. The meeting comes amid clamour for the South-East to produce the next president in 2023 following the marginalisation of the zone since 1999. Both Kalu and Rochas Kalu had declared interest in the presidency, they both urged the APC to zone the ticket to the South-east region to address the issue of marginalisation, and also on the basis of fairness, equity and justice. Rochas who recently declared his intention to run for the Presidential race joins the list of other Presidential Aspirants who have visited Orji Kalu at his Abuja home. Recall that,last yearNovember, former Governor of Lagos state and 2023 Presidential aspirant, Bola Tinubu visited Kalu at his Abuja residence where both held a meeting behind closed doors, amid speculations that the former was eyeing the highest office in the land. Days ago the chance for Nigerian President of Igbo extraction brightened following the declaration of leader of pan-Yoruba Afenifere,Pa Ayo Adebanjo,to support the emergence of a President of Igbo extraction in the 2023 presidential election. Adebanjo said this on the Channels Television’s Politics Today on Wednesday. According to the 94-year-old elder statesman, it is in the spirit of federal character and equity for the Igbo to produce the next President of the country.He argued that the South-West produced former President Olusegun Obasanjo who led for eight years and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo who served for almost eight years. Adebanjo added that the South-South had also produced the President in the person of Goodluck Jonathan who was in office from 2010 to 2015. The Afenifere leader said all the while, the South-East had been denied the Presidency. 9News Nigeria Ahead of the February 18, 2023 date for the conduct of the presidential election in Nigeria, some politicians have already openly declared interest in succeeding President Muhammadu Buhari. The nation's political space is still expected to witness more declarations in the coming days even as political parties also put structures… In "Breaking News" As the second term of the President Muhammadu Buhari draws to an end on May 29, 2023, some chieftains of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have declared their intention to succeed the “Man from Daura.” One thing common to all these aspirants is their desire to govern the country. Some… In "Breaking News" Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele is reportedly being wooed by some big wigs in the All Progressive Congress, APC to join the 2023 presidential race. Naija News recalls that the economist was first appointed CBN Governor under the then Peoples Democratic Party, PDP administration led… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!