Todd Boehly’s consortium have strengthened their bid to buy Chelsea by starting talks over the redevelopment of Stamford Bridge, according to reports. After being sanctioned by the British government following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Roman Abramovich instructed US merchant bank Raine Group to find a buyer for the west London club. Raine whittled the plethora of offers they received down to a shortlist of just four bids: Boehly’s consortium; the Ricketts family; a consortium headed by Sir Martin Broughton; and a largely under-the-radar offer from Boston Celtic co-owner Stephen Pagliuca. The selected bid will not be based purely on the size of the offer alone, with a variety of other factors also being considered by Raine. A commitment to provide at least £1billion towards future investment has been requested, which involves redeveloping Stamford Bridge – as a result, experience in a major development is seen as a major plus point. Boehly’s proposal has that box ticked in the form of fellow investor and property developer Jonathan Goldstein, and now the consortium are ramping up their efforts to win the race to buy Chelsea even further.  Carlton Cole tells England star to snub Man Utd and questions Chelsea transfer   Chelsea get huge injury boost during international break with duo back in training   Liverpool and Chelsea circling to snap up PSG teenager on free transfer  According to the Evening Standard, Boehly’s consortium have begun talks with the former project director for Abramovich’s abandoned redevelopment, David Hickey. All the properties that were bought surrounding Stamford Bridge will be included in the sale of the club, though the new owners will need to reapply for planning permission – which expired in 2020 after Abramovich shelved the redevelopment. Hickey, though, had remained in his role as project director for Chelsea’s new stadium until four months ago and has in-depth and up-to-date knowledge on the entire process. Architect Janey Marie Smith – who has worked on stadium renovations including Boston Red Sox’s Fenway Park and the Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles, which is co-owned by Boehly – has also been consulted. Raine have given the final four shortlisted bidders until April 11 to submit their final offers, after which point the preferred new owner will be announced. MORE : Chelsea return won’t hamper England chances, Gareth Southgate tells Conor Gallagher MORE : Chelsea striker Timo Werner already planning summer transfer with club willing to take massive hit For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Two of the leading candidates to take up the reins from Roman Abramovich as owner of Premier League giants Chelsea have, on Friday, discovered the outcome of their respective offers. First up comes American businessman and investor Todd Boehly, viewed by many as the frontrunner to take charge of… In "Sports" The west Londoners are unlikely to be bought by the Saudi Media Group (Picture: Getty) Chelsea are expected to have either British or American owners when Roman Abramovich sells up with a rumoured bid from the Saudi Media Group never materialising, according to reports. Roman Abramovich instructed US merchant bank… In "Metro" The Ricketts family have received considerable backlash from fans (Pictures: Getty) An offer from the Ricketts family to buy Chelsea has been ‘knocked back’ amid fan backlash though the club looks increasingly likely to end up in the hands of US investors, according to reports. After being sanctioned by the… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!