 An insight into the battle for the services of Ajax manager Erik ten Hag has been forthcoming on Friday evening, and likely spells concerning news for those of a Manchester United persuasion. Recent weeks have of course seen the name of Dutchman ten Hag take centre stage in the chatter surrounding fallen giants United. This comes with the Old Trafford brass, amid their ongoing search for a summer replacement for Ralf Rangnick, understood to have earmarked Ajax’s beloved boss as a chief target. Alongside Paris Saint-Germain headmaster Mauricio Pochettino, ten Hag is viewed as the frontrunner for the job, owing to another fine campaign in Amsterdam to date. The club’s fanbase, meanwhile, have already made clear their backing for the latter, ahead of an absolutely crucial decision when it comes to not only United’s immediate future, but long-term prospects, too.  UTRECHT, NETHERLANDS – JANUARY 16: Erik Ten Hag of Ajax Amsterdam looks on during the Dutch Eredivisie match between FC Utrecht and Ajax at Stadion Galgenwaard on January 16, 2022 in Utrecht, Netherlands. (Photo by NESImages/DeFodi Images via Getty Images) As alluded to above, though, if the latest word stemming from the media on Friday night is anything to go by, then the Red Devils look set to have it far from all their own way in the ten Hag sweepstakes. This comes with reliable journalist Jonathan Shrager having confirmed that two other clubs are also keen on the hiring of the Dutchman this summer. One such outfit plies its trade in the Bundesliga, whilst the other, notably, comes in the form of one of Manchester United’s Premier League rivals. About the two other reported clubs who are interested in hiring Erik ten Hag as their manager, apart from Manchester United; one is German, and one is English — Jonathan Shrager (@JonathanShrager) March 25, 2022    AFC Ajax tactician Erik ten Hag has risen up the collective consciousness of supporters across Europe after his tenure at Johan Cruijff Arena with de Godenzonen has been nothing short of superb, which has led to his name being linked with a cadre of top-level jobs across the continent in recent… In "Sports" Manchester United talisman Cristiano Ronaldo could be set to stay for the duration of his contract at Old Trafford after the Portuguese legend has seemingly signed off on plans that the club looks to implement going into the summer and the 2022-23 season. Ronaldo, who recently became the all-time leading… In "Sports" The Dutchman left a good impression after meeting with United (Picture: Getty) Erik ten Hag appears to have come through his interview for the Manchester United job with flying colours, while he has a significant advantage over Mauricio Pochettino. The Dutchman was the first managerial candidate to hold a formal… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!