 This cut would reduce Russia’s rating to ‘Junk’ status seeing that Western sanctions are already dealing a severe blow to the country’s financial markets. S&P’s decision strips Russia of its investment grade standing at one of the main three rating agencies, pushing Moscow into a league of riskier countries that typically pay higher borrowing costs. The move came as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine triggered a string of downgrades from the big agencies, with Fitch Ratings lowering Ukraine’s credit rating and Moody’s Investors Service warning that both countries could face cuts. The S&P stated that it could reduce Russia’s rating further over the next three months once its analysts have “more clarity on the full macroeconomic repercussions of the existing sanctions and the evolution of the geopolitical conflict”. The agency also lowered Ukraine’s rating to B minus from B. Moody’s also late on Friday said it had placed Russia’s credit rating on review for a downgrade, prompted by a “significant further elevation of the geopolitical risks”. Russia still holds an investment grade status both with Moody’s and Fitch. Russia’s financial markets were roiled this week after Vladimir Putin ordered a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. The country’s stock market shed a third of its value in US dollar terms, marking the worst week on record, according to Refintiv data. In another sign of the severe financial consequences of Russia’s attack on Ukraine, the cost to protect against the risks of holding Russian debt has soared. The spread on five-year credit default swaps rose above 900 basis points on Thursday, a historic high, before ending the week at around 500bp. It started this year around 120bp. Fitch also lowered Ukraine’s rating from B to triple-C on Friday, close to the bottom of its rating scale, saying the invasion has resulted in heightened risks to Ukraine’s external and public finances, macro-financial stability and political stability. Ukraine’s government debt has also tumbled, as the invasion fans fears that Kyiv will default on its debt. Ukrainian dollar bonds ended the week with prices below 50 cents on the dollar, a level that indicates investors are pricing in a high probability of not being repaid in full. Western allies on Tuesday moved quickly to ramp up economic pressure on Moscow over Vladimir Putin’s decision to send troops into Ukraine, while still leaving scope for tougher measures if Moscow launches further military action. While EU countries, the U.K. and the U.S. raced overnight to compile an initial list… In "Politics" WASHINGTON — U.S. President Joe Biden announced a second and larger sanctions package on Russia, punishing Vladimir Putin for ordering a full-scale invasion of Ukraine but stopping short of targeting some critical sectors of his nation’s economy. Speaking in generalities from the White House, Biden said his administration would stunt… In "Politics" Since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the world’s largest economies have not shied away from expressing their disapproval by imposing sanctions on them. One of the sanctions is that Russian banks are removed from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications (SWIFT). Following lengthy deliberations, the United States, the European Union,… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!