 He argued both examples showed countries’ willingness to fight for their freedom. “I know that it’s the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom every time,” Johnson said at the Conservative Party Conference Saturday. “When the British people voted for Brexit in such large numbers, I don’t believe it was that they were remotely hostile to foreigners,” he said. “It’s because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself.” Johnson reiterated the U.K.’s support to the Ukrainian people in their fight against Russia’s aggression. He said the economic sanctions taken against Russia have a “cost” but that “the cost of doing nothing would be far, far higher.” The prime minister also said “it is the invincible strength of this country that we believe, by and large and within the law, that people should be able to do whatever they want providing they don’t do harm to anyone else. That’s called freedom.” The prime minister suggested that the U.K.’s freedom was appealing to people escaping the war in Ukraine or political oppression in Russia. “We just want to be free, and that’s why talented people are fleeing Russia right now,” he said. “That’s Putin’s tragedy. There’s a sense in which his disastrous error in Ukraine is itself an argument for democracy and freedom.” LONDON — Boris Johnson is incapable of providing leadership during “the most serious security crisis since the Cold War” as Russian troops amass on the border with Ukraine, according to the U.K.’s opposition Labour Party. In an interview with POLITICO following a visit to Kyiv, Labour’s Shadow Defence Secretary John… In "Politics" LONDON — As Vladimir Putin wages war against Ukraine, unresolved internal problems at the U.K.’s Home Office have led to a chaotic offer for refugees. The government has faced sustained criticism — including from many on its own side — because of the scramble to issue visas to Ukrainian refugees… In "Politics" A file photo of UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Russian President Vladimir Putin   The UK government on Friday ordered all assets of President Vladimir Putin and his Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov frozen over Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The Treasury issued a financial sanctions notice against the two men,… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!