 No group claimed responsibility, but loyalist militants opposed to the post-Brexit trade protocol for Northern Ireland last year issued death threats against both Coveney and Ireland’s deputy prime minister, Leo Varadkar. On Friday, at least one unidentified gunman commandeered the van on the nearby Shankill Road, one of Northern Ireland’s most hard-line loyalist districts, loaded a canister into the vehicle that the gunman said contained a bomb, and forced the driver to deliver it to the event venue. “He was ordered at gunpoint to drive a device into the grounds. We had to get the minister away,” said Gary Donegan, a Catholic priest who helped organize the event with Coveney as keynote speaker. Coveney had just been praising the late Nobel Peace Prize laureate John Hume and his wife Pat for their “unshakable commitment to principled and peaceful change” when a member of Coveney’s security detail approached and whispered into his ear. “I – I’m afraid I have to leave. I hope I’ll be back in a few minutes. You’ll just have to understand that,” Coveney said, before leaving the podium to confused applause. Later, as a British army bomb disposal squad prepared to examine the suspicious object inside the van using a remote-controlled robot, organizers confirmed the event involving community leaders from both sides of Northern Ireland’s divide was cancelled. Coveney said he was “saddened and frustrated” that the van driver “has been attacked and victimized in this way. My thoughts are with him and his family.” The bomb threat comes days before the official start of campaigning for the Northern Ireland Assembly elections in May. Loyalists opposed to the protocol — which keeps Northern Ireland within the EU single market for goods and requires EU checks on British goods entering Northern Ireland — have already engaged in sporadic acts of violence in protest against the U.K.-EU treaty and daubed walls in working-class Protestant parts of Belfast with threats against Coveney and Varadkar. In June 2021, a legal platform for outlawed pro-British groups, the Loyalist Communities Council, blamed Dublin for promoting a trade protocol that undermined Northern Ireland’s economic links with Britain. “Until they accept and repair the damage they have created,” the group warned, “Irish government ministers and officials are no longer welcome in Northern Ireland.” Irish foreign minister Simon Coveney was taken off stage by officials during a speech in Belfast on Friday after a security alert. In "Breaking News" Simon Coveney called for a ‘cross-party consensus’ on the way forward for Ireland’s beleaguered military. In "Breaking News" DUBLIN — Britain’s loss has been Northern Ireland’s gain when it comes to post-Brexit trade with the Republic of Ireland. Newly published figures for the full first year of U.K.-Irish trade following Brexit confirm that cross-border commerce is surging on the island of Ireland, while imports from Britain have slumped.… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!