Chris Rock has spoken out for the first time on the incident that occurred at the Oscars when Will Smith slapped him live on stage, saying he’s ‘still processing’ what happened. On Sunday evening, Rock was struck by Smith after he made a joke about the King Richard star’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith, referencing her shaved head despite her previously opening up about suffering from the hair loss condition alopecia. While Smith, 53, has since apologised for his actions, the Academy condemned his behaviour and has launched a formal investigation, stating in a new statement that he was ‘asked to leave’ the ceremony but ‘refused’. During a recent stand-up show, Rock, 57, said that he will talk more about the slap ‘at some point’, promising to deliver a ‘serious and funny’ comment. While addressing the audience at his show in Boston, he said: ‘How was your weekend? Rock said that he didn’t have a ‘bunch’ of things to say about what occurred, ‘so if you came to hear that, I have a whole show I wrote before this weekend’. The comedian continued, stating: ‘I’m still kind of processing what happened.’ He said that he would talk about what happened ‘at some point’, adding: ‘And it will be serious and funny.’ Rock was reportedly given a standing ovation by the audience before beginning his set. In a statement released by the Academy, the organisation said that ‘things unfolded in a way we could not have anticipated’. ‘While we would like to clarify that Mr Smith was asked to leave the ceremony and refused, we also recognise we could have handled the situation differently,’ they said. The statement described Smith slapping Rock as ‘a deeply shocking, traumatic event to witness in-person and on television’. The Academy also apologised to Rock, thanking him for his ‘resilience in that moment’. ‘We also apologise to our nominees, guests and viewers for what transpired during what should have been a celebratory event,’ it added. In the apology he released on social media, Smith said that ‘violence in all its forms is poisonous’. ‘I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness,’ he wrote. The actor, who won the best actor Academy Award for his performance in King Richard shortly after the incident, also apologised to the Williams family.  Ricky Gervais hit with savage response from creators of $100,000 Oscars gift bags   Zoe Kravitz and Jaden Smith’s friendship as she makes dig at Will after Chris Rock hit   Police at Will Smith’s house days after he slapped Chris Rock at the Oscars  ‘I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family,’ he said. ‘I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us. I am a work in progress.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Smith ‘was asked to leave’ Oscars after Chris Rock slap but ‘refused’ MORE : Chris Rock keeps head down as he arrives for comedy performance after Will Smith slap drama Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!