Euphoria fans could be waiting quite some time for season 3 given it’s not actually been written yet. Sam Levinson’s acclaimed high school drama, starring Zendaya and Sydney Sweeney, concluded its second chapter just a few weeks ago with Ashtray’s death rocking the entire fandom. HBO announced that it had renewed the title for a third series in February, but so far there hasn’t been much progress by way of storylines. Euphoria cinematographer Marcell Rev exclusively confirmed to Metro.co.uk that production on the upcoming instalment hasn’t begun. ‘They have to write season three first,’ he told us. ‘Sam [Levinson] has to come up with something, then write it and then we have something to prep. ‘Sam just wrapped on the post-production a few weeks ago… He was still editing and sound mixing until the very last moment. The first episodes were already airing when we were in post-production with the last episode.’ When asked whether he was able to share how long fans could be waiting for Euphoria season three, Rev explained that a lot of factors determine when it’ll be ready. ‘He [Levinson] needs to get started on the third season first,’ he said. ‘HBO has to have a programming plan for it, then it depends on how long it takes to write the script. ‘Also these actors have other jobs as well, we all have other jobs. We’ll see when that schedule comes together. Obviously, there is a big demand and that helps a lot to push things forward, but there’s a lot of things to put together.’ Although season three sounds like it’s quite a way off, Zendaya has teased what she’d like to see happen for her character, Rue.  Sir Lewis Hamilton fanboys over Zendaya and tries to land Euphoria role at fashion week   Why I’m glad to see the rise of male nudity on TV in Pam & Tommy and Euphoria   HBO speaks out in defence of Euphoria over claims of ‘toxic’ workplace  Following her toxic journey into recovery, the Malcolm and Marie actress, 25, expressed she hoped the youngster would find peace. When asked if she thought her character would recover, she told Entertainment Tonight: ‘This can’t be the end of her story. There has to be some hope at the end of this. Something beautiful at the end of all this pain.’ Euphoria is available to stream on HBO, Sky Atlantic and NOW. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!