Comic Tom Allen, 38, on co-hosting the Bafta red carpet, potential fashion disasters and handing Leonardo DiCaprio Twiglets. Well, the amazing AJ Odudu and I are co-hosts and, in practical terms, it basically means talking to people as they get out of their cars. It’s a really nice job because people are full of excitement and nerves and the ceremony hasn’t happened yet, so everything is possible and they’re a bit flustered. Nicola Coughlan lost a shoe as she got out of her car at the TV Baftas last year. She was very funny about it. Sometimes the big ceremony can seem like the party you’re not invited to, whereas the red carpet is a lot more human. We’ll also be hoovering the red carpet before people arrive. Obviously, I’d like to get Gaga. And Leo [Leonardo DiCaprio] would be great. Maybe I’ll have an array of crisps? ‘Here! Leo! Do you want a Twiglet?’ Because a lot of people always ask them ‘how does it feel to be nominated?’ whereas if you ask something a little off-centre, like ‘what’s your favourite crisp?’, you can sometimes get more of an insight into who they are as people. It’s very hard, isn’t it, to be cool-faced with someone like Will Smith, who I’ve looked up to since I was, like, 10. And Judi Dench. I’ve never met her but everyone says how nice she is. Other kids were into superheroes but Mrs Brown was my superhero growing up. And I’d love to chat to Helen Mirren or Meryl Streep. Did I mention I was gay? Oh, it changes. I’ve got a bit posh lately. I like a salt and black pepper one and I also quite like a truffle crisp, which is terrible to say, isn’t it? So indulgent. Well, that is so kind of you to ask. I’m weighing up a couple of options. I really like a traditional white tie and tails. Cary Grant would opt to wear white tie on occasions like these. The trouble is, I could just look like I’m there to play the piano or people might start asking me where the toilets are. We’re trying to encourage people to either re-wear things they’ve already worn or buy vintage, so I’ve got a midnight-blue velvet dinner jacket I might spruce up for the occasion. But if it rains, velvet absorbs. I’ll be like a damp towel left out in the rain, unable to hold myself upright. I’m not great in the mornings, if I’m honest. Before I get to sleep I’ll say I’ll allow myself an hour but then I’ll wake up and go, ‘I’m sure 12 minutes is fine.’ Fun fact about me: I don’t really like shirts with cufflinks because they’re fiddly when you’re running late. I always love the idea of taking time to get dressed like people seem to do in black-and-white movies, just sort of leisurely brushing their hair in a frilly dressing gown and maybe having a glass of champagne. Of course I don’t have any hair so that saves a few minutes. Yes, it mainly involved a newsletter and a catalogue of some vintage CD recordings. As a teenager, you can’t quite articulate why you’re drawn to something or someone, you just are. But I liked the way he set his own tone by which to live and people followed him. People literally emulated him in terms of wearing a dressing gown and smoking and talking in a clipped way. He was somebody who was not afraid to be formal, you know? He would exude that sense of sophistication which as a teenager I especially liked. It was an escapism from what felt like a very humdrum, suburban childhood. At the other end of the spectrum, I really loved Elton John. Still do.  Ukrainian peace negotiator ‘put to death’ following claims he was Russian spy   What’s in store for today? Daily horoscope for Monday, March 7, 2022   Pensioner claims ugly new toilet block knocked £50,000 off his flat  Yes, exactly like that and exactly the same shoes as well. Because I don’t have a family, I have a spare room in my house that means I have space to hang all my clothes up and it’s a very nice privilege. Katherine Ryan told me it’s good to have proper space for your clothes because then you don’t leave things languishing in the back of the wardrobe. Some people have a room for their children. And I suppose I do, in a way, in that I have a room for my clothes. Of course, I won’t have the love of offspring in my older age, but I will have some lovely outfits and I’ll know exactly where they are and that they’ll be nicely pressed. I don’t, actually. But wouldn’t that be a lovely gift that somebody could maybe send me? And before I know it, I’m the face of Corby Trouser Press! They are useful because I find there is nothing nicer than a crisp crease on a trouser leg. Very much like a polished shoe. The EE British Academy Film Awards take place on Sunday and are broadcast on BBC1 at 7pm. MORE : Lady Gaga to introduce rising star segment at this year’s Bafta awards to recognise young talent MORE : Tom Allen jokes Jimmy Carr is ‘recovering from career suicide’ after Holocaust joke backlash Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!