No matter how much we love our cats, we certainly don’t love it when they ruin our furniture. Even if you buy them special scratching posts, cats always seem drawn to the leather sofa, or our favourite velvet armchair, to sharpen their claws. And the damage can be irreparable. So, if you have a cat that just won’t stop digging their claws into your favourite furniture – fear not, there’s a simple solution that will cost you barely anything. ‘Cats are wonderful companions, but their destructive habits can wreak havoc on your home,’ says Tom Church, Co-Founder of money-saving community LatestDeals.co.uk. ‘Fortunately, our members have come up with some ingenious ways to nip this behaviour in the bud. Here are some of the best ideas – hopefully one of them works for you.’ You may not have to spend anything in order to get the results you want. Some Latest Deals members have had success by using everyday household items such as vinegar. Lou Ise advises: ‘Put some vinegar on the carpet or put on a tissue and rub the bottom of the door with vinegar. Most cats hate the smell – I have had six and only one didn’t bother about the smell.’ Tom adds: ‘It may sound like a smelly solution, but if you rub a small amount of vinegar in the area you want your cat to stop scratching, you shouldn’t have to deal with unpleasant odours.’ The best thing is that most of us will have some vinegar in the cupboard – so you won’t even have to go to the shops, or spend any money, It may sound like an unusual method, but if you have some vapour rub left over from your last cold, it might be worth putting a little on or near your sofa. Jade Hyatt said: ‘They hate it – it stops them scratching or going near.’ Tom explains that the strong scent of Vapour Rub is likely to repel your cat, but you should be very careful about how much you apply. ‘Cats have such a strong sense of smell, it won’t take much for them to sniff out a tiny amount of the stuff,’ says Tom. ‘If your cat is prone to licking everything he finds, perhaps avoid this one as you definitely don’t want your furry friend ingesting this stuff. Some people find their cats detest it, while others have experienced the opposite effect and discovered their kitty loves menthol.’ You may have heard this secret whispered between cat owners, and it can work wonders for repelling cats from certain areas of the home. Citrus scents, including lemon, orange and lime, can prove to be much too overpowering for a cat’s sensitive sense of smell. But how do you apply it? Sarah Gordon has come up with her own blend: ‘Lemon and pepper sprayed on sofa – they hate citrus and hate pepper.’ Meanwhile, Rys Stevo said: ‘We use citronella, works a treat as they hate it.’ Katie Scannell has also had success with citronella in her garden: ‘Citronella essential oil… few drops in a bottle of water and spray on the area. Cats don’t like the smell so stay away from that spot. I’ve not tried it on furniture but it works wonders for an area in my garden.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pancake Day: How to make cat-friendly pancakes MORE : These cheeky animals have been crowned the UK’s naughtiest pets MORE : ‘Being pregnant’ is the most common dream for Brits – followed by being cheated on Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!