 “We are deeply concerned about the Russian invasion of Ukraine and stand with all of the people who are suffering,” Apple said in a statement provided to the media on Tuesday. “We have paused all product sales in Russia.” The company added that it had already “stopped all exports into our sales channel in the country” last week. The statement added: “Apple Pay and other services have been limited. RT News and Sputnik News are no longer available for download from the App Store outside Russia. And we have disabled both traffic and live incidents in Apple Maps in Ukraine as a safety and precautionary measure for Ukrainian citizens.” Last week, Ukrainian Vice Prime Minister and Minister for Digital Transformation Mykhailo Fedorov published on Twitter an open letter to Apple, in which he asked the company to cut Russia off from its products, services and App Store. Other major international brands, such as Nike, have also announced they would withdraw from the Russian market. Payment giants Mastercard, American Express and Visa have made similar moves. Meanwhile, Warner Bros. pulled the release of “The Batman” film in Russia, which was supposed to come out on Friday, following a similar move from Disney. U.S. airplane manufacturer Boeing on Tuesday announced it would suspend parts, maintenance and technical support for Russian airlines and major operations in Moscow. U.S. oil giant Exxon Mobil also announced on Tuesday that it would wind down its operations in Russia, and would halt any new investment in the country. Exxon’s announcement followed BP, Shell and Equinor, who said earlier in the week that they would divest from their operations in Russia. Want more analysis from POLITICO? POLITICO Pro is our premium intelligence service for professionals. From financial services to trade, technology, cybersecurity and more, Pro delivers real time intelligence, deep insight and breaking scoops you need to keep one step ahead. Email pro@politico.eu to request a complimentary trial. Apple on Tuesday stopped all of its product sales in Russia amid the invasion of Ukraine (Picture: REX) Apple has halted sales of all of its products including iPhones in Russia in light of the country’s invasion of Ukraine, a company spokesperson said on Tuesday. ‘We are deeply concerned about… In "Metro" On February 24, Russia launched an invasion of neighboring Ukraine after months of a military build-up on its borders. The attack began with cyberattacks that targeted Ukrainian government departments with floods of internet traffic and data-wiping malware, followed by a ground, sea and air incursion. News outlets in Ukraine are… In "Business" Reface, an a16z-backed synthetic media app that’s developed out of Ukraine, has added push notifications informing its ~200 million-strong global user-base about Russia’s invasion of the country — urging people to #StandWithUkraine, including by watermarking face-swapped videos created with the app. All videos created in the app are now being… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!