 In a speech to NATO this week, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy asked for a specific amount of military equipment — 1 percent of the alliance’s jets and tanks — but NATO has not yet agreed to that formula. Zelenskyy’s request comes as the Russian invasion into Ukraine heads into its second month. Smith said on CNN’s “State of the Union,” that she’d “have to do the math on what’s already been provided,” to Ukraine from NATO nations before providing a more definitive answer to Zelenskyy’s specific request. “Most NATO allies are providing lethal assistance — including some allies that have had longstanding policies not to do so,” Smith said. “We’ve seen a major change in Europe with many allies coming forward. We’d have to go ahead and count up what’s been provided to date.” Smith added: “Honestly, what’s important here is that NATO allies are coming forward and offering the capabilities that Ukraine is seeking, and they’re making a difference.” She also addressed a three-way proposal the Biden administration rejected, for Poland to transfer MiG-29 jets to Ukraine, and for the U.S. to then replace Poland’s stockpile. Smith added, “The answer is no, if you’re talking about the Soviet-era jets, the United States decided the particular proposal put forward by Poland is untenable.” But if a NATO ally wanted to provide those jets and tanks specifically “that is a sovereign decision. They can take that sovereign decision,” Smith said. “Right now, the United States is very much focused on their air defense needs and we’re delivering multiple capabilities to try and address those requirements.” NATO leaders pledged Thursday to boost aid to Ukraine in its battle against Russia’s invasion but Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy accused them of cowering from the threat of confrontation with Vladimir Putin, and of naivete in thinking that Russia’s aggression would not continue against their own countries. “We are determined… In "Politics" President Joe Biden has warned Russian dictator Vladimir Putin that his country will face severe sanctions if it once again attacks Ukraine. A key question looms, however: Will European countries really go along with serious penalties on Moscow? On the surface, Europe appears willing. European Union officials and national leaders… In "Politics" As his nation tries to withstand a Russian onslaught, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is expected to use his Wednesday address to Congress to beseech Washington to do more to help — and may turn up the pressure uncomfortably high on President Joe Biden. Biden has deployed weapons and equipment to… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!