{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T1M54S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/07/13/55049165-0-image-a-34_1646660152696.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-07T13:36:02+0000","description":"'That is simply incorrect.'","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/07/8037283814988532692/480x270_MP4_8037283814988532692.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video The prime minister has denied ignoring warnings from security services to give a peerage to a Russian-born media mogul. There are demands for an investigation after Boris Johnson was accused of ignoring MI5 and MI6 cautions about Evening Standard owner Lord Evgeny Lebedev – who has said a report about the allegations is entirely inaccurate. One source told the Sunday Times that the British leader had complained ‘this is anti-Russianism’ in response to the objections. But he named the story ‘simply incorrect’ when questioned on Monday. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live As the Russian war rages on in Ukraine, Mr Johnson added that ’it suits (Russian president Vladimir) Putin’s agenda to try to characterise this as a struggle between the West and Russia’. ‘It’s very, very, very important that we get the message over that we’re not anti-Russian, we’re not against Russians. Our quarrel is simply with the regime and the aggression of Vladimir Putin’, he said. The Tory MP added it would ‘obviously be extraordinary’ if he had stepped in to ensure the peerage was granted, ‘but that’s not the case’. A question was sidestepped on whether he met Lord Lebedev in March 2020, at the height of the first wave of the pandemic, to discuss the peerage. Lord Lebedev has said questions over his place in the House of Lords do not ‘merit an answer’ as ‘all’ allegations are incorrect. But Keir Starmer says he’s ‘very concerned at the serious’ claims’. The Labour leader said: ’It goes to the heart of national security and there’s at least the suggestion that the Government and the Prime Minister were warned that there was a national security risk in this particular appointment. ’I think, in the circumstances, what the appropriate thing is for the Intelligence and Security Committee, which is a cross-party committee in Parliament that can have access to confidential material – I think this case should be referred to that committee so they can look into this story.’ In a letter to Mr Johnson, Labour’s shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper called on the PM to ‘make available to the Intelligence and Security Committee (ISC) the advice and information you were given about the ennobling of Evgeny Lebedev and full information about the role you played in the process’. On Monday, Foreign Office minister James Cleverly defended Lord Lebedev, who is the son of an ex-KGB agent. ‘He is here as a British dual national, he is a businessman, he has been an effective businessman’, he told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. Asked why he had been granted a seat in Parliament, Mr Cleverly replied: ‘My father was a former chartered surveyor, but I’m not. ‘So what your father did for work is, I’m not completely sure, totally relevant.’ Lord Lebedev has spoken only once, and never voted, in Parliament, but the Foreign Office minister said: ‘There are lots of members of the House of Lords who are not active members of the House of Lords. ‘It rather flies in the face of this accusation that somehow he is distorting British politics if he is not voting on British laws.’ A Government spokesman previously said: ‘All individuals nominated for a peerage are done so in recognition of their contribution to society and all peerages are vetted by the House of Lords Appointments Commission.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!