The UN General Assembly on Wednesday adopted a resolution demanding that Russia immediately ends its military operations in Ukraine. A total of 141 countries have voted in favour of the resolution reaffirming Ukraine’s sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity at the UN assembly where all 193 UN member states have a say. “The resolution demands that Russia immediately, completely and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces from the territory of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders,” Abdulla Shahid, the assembly president said.
The resolution was sponsored by more than 90 countries and requires a two-thirds majority in the General Assembly to pass. Read also: Russia – Ukraine Conflict: Air Peace deploys aircraft to evacuate Nigerians Five countries – Belarus, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (more commonly known as North Korea), Eritrea, Russia and Syria – voted against it, while 35 abstained.
“The message of the General Assembly is loud and clear: end hostilities in Ukraine now. Silence the guns now. Open the door to dialogue and diplomacy now,” António Guterres, the UN Secretary-General said in his address. “Looking ahead, I will continue to do everything in my power to contribute to an immediate cessation of hostilities and urgent negotiations for peace.” The United Nations General Assembly voted overwhelmingly for a non-binding resolution that condemns Russia for its invasion of Ukraine and demands that Russia immediately withdraw its forces (Picture: Getty Images) Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has caused food and water shortages and it appears Russian President Vladimir Putin is preparing to… In "Metro" Nigeria, along with 140 countries, on Wednesday, voted to demand the immediate withdrawal of Russian troops from Ukraine. The United Nations General Assembly unanimously adopted a resolution that “demands” Russia’s “immediately” withdrawal from Ukraine. This represents a powerful rebuke of Moscow’s invasion by most of the world’s nations. After over… In "Slider 2" Only five United Nations General Assembly members refused to condemn Vladimir Putin’s merciless bombardment (Picture: Reuters/ Metro.co.uk) Russian President Vladimir Putin is facing international isolation after launching his brutal attack on Ukraine, costing the lives of thousands of civilians and soldiers. NATO members and the European Union have been providing… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!