WWE has announced Rick and Scott Steiner for this year’s Hall of Fame induction ceremony. The Steiners are set to be honoured on Friday night as part of the 2022 class alongside fellow stars The Undertaker, Vader and Shamell, while late Cryme Tyme favourite Shad Gasphard will posthumously receive the Warrior Award. As first reported by TheRinger.com, Rick and Scott will take their place in the Hall of Fame as they get recognised for their influential run as a tag team. WWE said: ‘The most successful of tag teams must be completely in synch and possess an ability to almost read each other’s thoughts. Arguable no one can find that level of connection better than family. ‘Enter celebrated University of Michigan alumni Rick Steiner and Scott Steiner, sibling competitors who donned on the headgear (and/or mullet) and introduced an innovative in-ring style that helped them fight their way to the top of the mountain.’ In a nice move, Rick will get his big moment the night before his son Bron Breakker faces Dolph Ziggler for the NXT Championship at Stand & Deliver. Rick teamed up with his brother Scott in 1989, and they went onto become one of the industry’s most celebrated tandems. WWE added: ‘Together, Rick and Scott lit up NWA Mid-Atlantic and NWA/WCW where they used their impressive mix of amateur and professional wrestling to capture the WCW Tag Team Titles seven times and the United States Tag Team Titles once. ‘Their success was not entirely limited to the Atlanta-based organization, however. During their brief time in WWE in the early ’90s, the pair quickly made history by appearing on the first episode of Monday Night Raw in 1993, battling The Headshrinkers on The Grandest Stage of Them All at WrestleMania IX and winning the WWE Tag Team Championship twice. ‘Following a short tenure with ECW in 1995, The Steiners then returned to WCW in 1996 and their impact was undeniable as they battled elite opposition like Harlem Heat and The Outsiders for the WCW Tag Team Titles.’ The pair helped revolutionise wrestling with moves many fans had never seen before, and their impact is still seen today. Speaking to SLAM! Wrestling in 2014, Scott said: ‘I used a lot of the suplexes that I did in college and then I became famous for the frankensteiner.  Fresh Prince of Bel-Air fans freak out over photo of original Geoffrey with reboot star   Who was Carole Prentice as Bridgerton season 2 final episode pays tribute?   WWE: Triple H confirms retirement after cardiac event left him with defibrillator in chest  ‘A lot of the guys try to do that move now. I would do a lot of suplexes off the top rope, and my brother would come off the top rope with a bulldog. These were moves that people never really saw before.’ The WWE Hall of Fame ceremony airs Friday night after SmackDown. Fans can tune in via the WWE Network. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Bron Breakker wins NXT Championship and celebrates with legendary dad Rick Steiner MORE : Petey Williams reveals Scott Steiner’s real reaction to ‘Steiner math’ memes in TNA Wrestling The wrestling world is paying tribute to the Bad Guy (Picture: WWE) WWE legend Scott Hall has died aged 63 days after suffering three heart attacks in one night. The two-time Hall of Famer – who was inducted on his own in 2014 before being honoured as part of the… In "Metro" WWE legend The Undetaker chokes chairman Vince McMahon Vince McMahon has revealed he will induct The Undertaker into this year’s WWE Hall of Fame class. The wrestling giant’s chairman will make a rare out of character public appearance as he honours one of the greatest superstars of all time at… In "Metro" Sami Zayn won’t be happy with Ricochet and Knoxville (Picture: WWE/Twitter) Jackass star Johnny Knoxville cost Sami Zayn the Intercontinental Championship on WWE SmackDown this week. The 50-year-old stuntman made his presence felt and helped Ricochet to victory while putting himself in the firing line for a grudge match at… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!