 Let’s go! 7 For All Mankind just launched its Friends & Family Sale, and that means you can now save 25% sitewite with code 7FAMFF. This sale lasts through March 29, 2022 — but your faves could sell out before we reach the end! A sitewide sale is amazing, but it’s a lot to take in. That’s why we rounded up five of our fave picks for you so you can get that cart started. Obviously, we concentrated on denim, 7FAM’s speciality! This Embroidered Trucker Jacket Trucker jackets have a rugged, tough reputation, but this one is exploring the softer side of things. It features floral and avian embroidery, and it has such a great oversized fit. You will not be able to stop the compliments from raining down (not that you’d want to)!
        See it! Get the Easy Trucker With Embroidery in Sun Blue (originally $278) for just $209 with code 7FAMFF at 7 For All Mankind for a limited time! These Spring-Ready Jeans We always swoon for colorful denim, especially from such an iconic brand. These slouchy, straight leg jeans come in a pretty lavender purple that perfectly suits the season. They’re such a beautiful blend of vintage and modern!
        See it! Get the Easy Straight Ankle Jeans With Cut Hem in Lavender (originally $218) for just $164 with code 7FAMFF at 7 For All Mankind for a limited time! This Utility-Inspired Jumpsuit If you ever want to feel like an automatic style icon, just slip into a denim jumpsuit. We love this one because it’s white and made of a cotton and linen blend, making it breathable for warmer weather — and it has a little bit of elastane for stretch!
        See it! Get the Flare Sleeve Jumpsuit in Ecru (originally $298) for just $224  with code 7FAMFF at 7 For All Mankind for a limited time! This Boyfriend Shirt This timeless shirt is soft and super relaxed, and we absolutely can’t get over how chic the shadow pockets are. Wear this top with jeans, shorts, a skirt, a dress, etc. It will go with everything!
        See it! Get the Boyfriend Shirt With Shadow Pockets in Sun Blue (originally $178) for just $134 with code 7FAMFF at 7 For All Mankind for a limited time! These Classic Blue Jeans If you don’t have a pair of blue jeans you love, then we say this is the one thing you must buy. Comfy, classic denim is a year-round essential. We picked out this pair not only because of its wearability, but because of those tiny floral details stemming from the pockets. So cute!
        See it! Get the Easy Straight Jeans With Embroidery in Spruce Rigid (originally $228) for just $171 with code 7FAMFF at 7 For All Mankind for a limited time!   Read article Not your style? Shop the rest of the sitewide sale here! Looking for other ways to elevate your closet? Check out more picks below: This post is brought to you by Us Weekly’s Shop With Us team. The Shop With Us team aims to highlight products and services our readers might find interesting and useful, such as face masks, self tanners, Lululemon-style leggings and all the best gifts for everyone in your life. Product and service selection, however, is in no way intended to constitute an endorsement by either Us Weekly or of any celebrity mentioned in the post. The Shop With Us team may receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. In addition, Us Weekly receives compensation from the manufacturer of the products we write about when you click on a link and then purchase the product featured in an article. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product or service is featured or recommended. Shop With Us operates independently from advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback at ShopWithUs@usmagazine.com. Happy shopping! Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services. There’s nothing like a surprise pick-me-up, and that’s exactly what we’re going to give you right now. Saks Fifth Avenue is having a huge sale! We’re talking 20% off almost any full-price purchase… In "Entertainment" Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Let’s go! The Nordstrom Winter Sale is on, but it’s not going to last long. From now through February 27, 2022, you can save big on fashion, beauty, home and more. So many… In "Entertainment" Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Are you ready to step into spring in style? The warmer months are almost here, and we’re celebrating by doing some shopping (obviously)! It’s the perfect excuse to pick up new pieces so… In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!