Ross Kemp narrowly avoided a spate with death while exploring World War II shipwrecks for a TV Documentary. The presenter was diving in Orkney’s waters and faced some difficulties during an expedition to the Tabarka ship wreck which lies at the bottom of Scapa Flow. The former EastEnders star was forced to cling on to the wreck to avoid being swept away by a sudden tide change. During filming with the TV crew, Kemp was becoming disorientated and swearing as he tried to battle the strong current, despite his two months of scuba diving training. The 57-year-old was eventually led to safety by an expert diver from Orkney who accompanied him for the show. Describing his near-miss in a voiceover for the show, Kemp says: ‘Before the wreck gives up its secrets, there’s a sudden change in the water. ‘I’m 16 metres beneath the waves inside the wreck of the Tabarka. ‘I’m fighting against the current now. ‘The current is so strong I need to grab the wreck to stop myself being dragged away. ‘The current is picking up, pushing me towards jagged edges. It’s dragging me. ‘The quickest way out is to turn and ride the current back from the way we came. When we break back into open water, I’m relieved. ‘It was amazing the strength of the current when it turned. ‘I felt a bit like a champagne cork for a minute.’ Kemp had been exploring the wreck with a personal reason in mind, as his own family members had served at sea, with some being shipwrecked and not surviving to tell their tales. His great grandfather ‘Pop’ served in the Merchant Marines during World War II and survived three shipwrecks. Despite his ordeal, Kemp revealed the adventure had not put him off diving. He said: ‘Every shipwreck I’ve dived on has had a story to tell, tales that echo from our past into the present. ‘They speak to us of bravery, sacrifice, and progress but also of cruelty and heartbreak. ‘I have discovered the impact the sea has had not only on my own family but also on world history.’ He added that his adventures have been ‘challenging’ and ’emotional’, but equally ‘lots of fun’.  Ross Kemp has lost contact with EastEnders brother Steve McFadden   The Bridge of Lies: When is it on and how does the Ross Kemp game show work?  Scapa Flow, Europe’s largest natural harbour, gained a reputation as a major naval base in both world wars. It was the scene of the sinking of the German High Seas Fleet at the end of World War I, with 52 ships being sunk on 21 June 1919. Kemp’s ordeal comes after he revealed this week he’s no longer in touch with his fellow Mitchell brother Steve McFadden, telling Metro they’ve drifted apart since his days in the soap. The first of four episodes of Ross Kemp: Shipwreck Treasure Hunter will be broadcast on Sky History on April 18. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ross Kemp has lost contact with EastEnders brother Steve McFadden MORE : Roman Kemp adds to growing tattoo collection with massive new inking on his leg Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!