Denise Van Outen’s ex-fiancee Eddie Boxshall has described their relationship as ‘wonderful’ despite their recent split. The Gogglebox stars split in January after more than seven years together, which included an engagement. In celebration of International Women’s Day on Tuesday, the businessman gave Denise a special shout-out on social media, proving he still thinks of his ex fondly. Alongside a photo of Denise smiling, he wrote in his Instagram stories: ‘Regardless of us sadly going our separate ways I have to acknowledge that in our wonderful 7 and a half year relationship I witnessed the hardest working and most driven woman in her business and amazing mummy to Betsy #neverstops #upmostrespect.’ Denise is mother to 12-year-old daughter Betsy, who she shares with ex-husband Lee Mead. In a separate post dedicated to his female family members, including his mother and nan, Eddie wrote: ‘These women have been monumental in my life from teaching me , supporting me , loving me through good and bad times ,bringing up my children and being there for me during life’s journey. I can’t thank them enough for their strength, character , love and continued friendship.’ Denise, 47, announced her split from Eddie on January 7, explaining on Instagram: ‘Over the past couple of months, there has been much speculation regarding my relationship with Eddie. It saddens me to confirm that we are no longer a couple.’ She continued: ‘I had to make the difficult decision not to continue in our relationship. I will always treasure the good times we spent together, and the memories made.’ It was later claimed that Eddie, 47, hoped to win her back and rekindle their romance. A reason was not given for their separation but according to an insider, Eddie isn’t ready to call it quits just yet and is going to great lengths to win Denise back. The source told The Sun On Sunday: ‘Eddie is convinced he can win Denise back and isn’t willing to throw away all of their memories together. He’s pulling out all the stops to save their relationship.  Denise Van Outen recalls ‘shameful’ moment she drunkenly yelled at Chris Martin  ‘He feels terrible and pained that she’s hurting… He’s not willing to accept it’s over for good.’ They added that Eddie feels they are ‘the perfect match for each other’ but is ‘keeping his distance for now’ to give Denise space. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC’s Clive Myrie recalls heartbreaking moment young girl feared for father’s life while sleeping in underground bunker MORE : The Vamps’ James McVey reveals I’m A Celebrity exacerbated body image issues: ‘You’re never satisfied’ Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!