Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) returns to EastEnders tonight – and it’s not long before her waters beak and she goes into labour. Bernie is acting as a surrogate for Rainie (Tanya Franks) and Stuart (Ricky Champ), but she left the Square in October to live with her brother as she struggled under the pressure of carrying the couple’s child. This has left them wondering whether Bernie would return at all, so it comes as a huge relief when she arrives back and tells them she still plans to give them the baby – but she wants the rest of the money that they agreed as soon as the baby is born. What Bernie doesn’t know is that Stuart is suffering from cancer, and has been refusing conventional treatment. In fact, just before her arrival Rainie and Stuart have been to see the doctor who gives them the devastating news that the delay in treatment has meant the tumour has grown. Bernie’s suspicious when she sees the array of food supplements Stuart’s taking, but Rainie covers knowing that Bernie might not let them have the baby if she knows the truth. Sonia later accidentally lets the news of Stuart’s cancer slip to Bernie. She marches straight back to the Highways to confront them for not telling her, but as she does so her waters break. No soap baby ever gets born without drama, but this one is going to arrive in the middle of a very tense situation indeed. MORE : 12 soap spoiler pictures: Coronation Street major death news, EastEnders funeral fight, Meena’s new glory, Hollyoaks haunting MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Linda Carter attacks Frankie Lewis as she hits the bottle Rainie reveals the truth (Picture: BBC) Stuart (Ricky Champ) and Rainie (Tanya Franks) are overjoyed by the arrival of their new baby in upcoming EastEnders episodes – but their joy is marred by the knowledge that Stuart’s cancer has grown and he needs immediate treatment. Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) arrives… In "Metro" Bernie goes into labour upon making her return (Picture: BBC / Jack Barnes / Kieron McCarron) Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) makes her long-awaited return in EastEnders later this month, much to Rainie Highway’s (Tanya Franks) delight, but things are set to take quite turn. The former mainstay was last seen… In "Metro" Rainie doesn’t reveal the full truth (Picture: BBC) Rainie (Tanya Franks) and Stuart (Ricky Champ) are overjoyed when Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) arrives back in EastEnders in upcoming episodes – and gives birth to the baby she’s been carrying as a surrogate for them. What Bernie doesn’t know when she… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!