A teenager who racially abused Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford after he missed a penalty in England’s European Championships final defeat to Italy has been sentenced to six weeks in prison. Justin Price, 19, from Worcester, pleaded guilty to sending a grossly offensive message by a public communication network. The Crown Prosecution Service found Price had targeted Rashford – who missed a penalty in the shootout defeat at Wembley last summer – because of the colour of his skin. Price initially denied the charges during a police interview and he even changed his name on Twitter to avoid detection but he later confessed to using racially-charged language. Price, then 18, tweeted: ‘@SzzOGz @MarcusRashford YOU F****** STUPID ****** MISSING A FREE PEN MY DEAD NAN COULD HAVE SCORED THAT’. At Kidderminster Magistrates’ Court today, Price’s solicitor said the teenager was ‘ashamed and embarrassed’ by his actions, but that living with a single-parent mother and only working two days a week left him with a lot of time on his hands. ‘He spends a lot of time online, gaming, from his bedroom in online groups,’ the solicitor said. ‘On the night this offence took place he was with that online group, but he accepts the responsibility is his. He knows it was wrong and regretted it as soon as it was sent.’ The tweet included the N word but Price’s solicitor claimed he was ignorant to the meaning behind it, as he often hears it used in a non-racial way in rap music. ‘It wasn’t uncommon for him to hear that [in rap music] when it’s not used as a racist word,’ the solicitor said. ‘It was normalised for him – he didn’t understand the use of that word and didn’t intend it as a hate crime.’ MORE TO FOLLOW. Arsenal’s Bukayo Saka has been presented with thousands of letters of support after he was racially abused following his penalty miss in England’s Euro 2020 final defeat against Italy. Saka endured vile taunts on social media after missing the decisive penalty in the shoot-out at Wembley. His England teammates Marcus… In "Breaking News" Mesut Ozil called on Bukayo Saka to be shown ‘respect’ rather than be subjected to online racism and hate after the youngster’s penalty miss in England’s Euro 2020 final defeat to Italy. An inspired Gianluigi Donnarumma saved Saka’s decisive spot-kick in a nail-biting shootout at Wembley to ensure Italy lifted the… In "Sports" Shameful racist abuse aimed at England starsIs anyone really that surprised? Immediately following England’s penalty shootout defeat against Italy, the racist abuse started to spread on social media. Slews of abhorrent tweets attacked the three England players who missed in the shootout: Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Bukayo Saka. All… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!