There has been another morning of traffic chaos in the capital today, with severe disruption both on the London Underground and on the roads. Yesterday’s strike action caused chaos on the morning commute for many. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) walked out for 24 hours in a bitter dispute over jobs, pensions and conditions. Queues for buses stretched down streets and rammed buses struggled to leave stops. Today, delays are still being felt as lines return to normal. Transport for London (TfL) has warned passengers to expect ‘severe disruption across all Tube lines in the morning’. Only the Central and Victoria lines are running smoothly this morning. Bus stops remain busy and people have been encouraged to allow extra time to travel, particularly at peak times. TfL has urged Londoners to travel later in the day to avoid disruption. Services are expected to return to normal later in the morning. Another 24 hours of strike action is planned for tomorrow (Thursday), with similar disruption to Wednesday expected on Friday morning. TfL has said it is ‘highly likely’ no London Underground services will run and that stations will be closed. Like Tuesday, people have been urged to work from home if possible to minimise congestion across the capital. Bakerloo line Minor delays. Normal services should be operating by mid-morning. Circle line Suspended services. Normal services should be operating by mid-morning. District line Severe delays. Tickets are being accepted on London Overground, C2C and London Buses. Hammersmith and City line Severe delays. Normal services should be operating by mid-morning. Jubilee line Suspended.  Tickets are being accepted on London Overground, C2C, Southeastern, Thameslink and London Buses. Metropolitan line Severe delays. Normal services should be operating by mid-morning. Travel later in the day where possible and allow longer for your journey. Northern line From Saturday 15 January until mid May 2022, no service between Moorgate and Kennington due to major upgrade works. London Buses Route 733 will operate between Moorgate and Oval via Bank, London Bridge, Borough, Elephant & Castle and Kennington on Monday to Friday. Piccadilly line Suspended. Ticket valid on TfL Rail, Great Northern and London Buses. Waterloo and City line Minor delays following RMT strike action. Normal services should be operating by mid-morning. Central line Good service Victoria line Good service TfL said: ‘Services will be running normally but will be busier than usual. Allow more time for your journey and consider alternatives. ‘If you are using services from stations also served by the Tube, check before you travel for possible station closures.’ There will be separate Night Tube strikes on the Central and Victoria lines later this week. Strike action will start from 8.30pm on Friday to 8.30am on Saturday, then again from 8.30pm on Saturday to 8.30am on Sunday, March 7. The strikes are scheduled to continue at the same times every weekend. Buses are running, but heavy delays are expected.  Where in London to donate clothes, food and toiletries for Ukraine   Tube strikes cause utter havoc for second day and tomorrow will be worse   Purley is the south London gem where you should look to buy a house  The Overground, along with other train services TfL Rail, the DLR, London Trams and National Rail, will be running on the strike dates. This 2022 strike action comes in response to a dispute over TfL wanting to cut up to 600 station posts, as well as disagreements over working conditions and pensions. The RMT union says that spending cuts could lead to hundreds of job losses and reductions in pensions and working conditions. But TfL chief operating officer Andy Lord said: ‘We haven’t proposed any changes to pensions or terms and conditions, and nobody has or will lose their jobs because of the proposals we have set out, so this action is completely unnecessary. ‘We know our customers deserve better than this and that is why we’re urging the RMT to talk to us so we can find a resolution to this dispute and call off this action, which is threatening London’s recovery from the pandemic.’ A spokesperson for Sadiq Khan said the strikes will cause disruption to Londoners and businesses trying to recover from two devastating years. They added: ‘It will also damage TfL’s revenues at a time when TfL is already under huge financial strain due to the pandemic. ‘TfL are working to mitigate the impact of the strikes but disruption is inevitable.’ RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: ‘Sadiq Khan should be standing up to Tory ministers who want to needlessly attack jobs, pensions and conditions of key transport workers. ‘It is this political failure that has left Tube workers with no choice but to strike this week.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!