The San Francisco-based digital financial institution, Mercury Bank, restricted accounts linked to African tech startups without prior notice and a concrete reason has not been stated to date. The bank’s sudden action reiterates clearly the adage which states: “Do not put all your eggs in one basket,” and another which says: “Look within yourself,” Although African startups need Mercury to get funding from foreign investors, among other activities, innovation tells us that there is always a way out. Emphasizing on Iyinoluwa Aboyeji’s statement, co-founder of Andela and the former managing director of Flutterwave: “I hope the general restrictions placed on African startups by @BankMercury reminds everyone that there is no alternative to building our own. Let’s build a Nigerian International Finance Centre and buy offshore bank licenses so we can bank our $$.” Reportedly, the CEO, Immad Akhund, blamed ‘unusual activity’ to be the reason for the action: “I am the CEO of Mercury. Since many of you have emailed/messaged me directly I thought it would be best if I just reached out directly,” he said in an email. “We found out yesterday that our partner bank noticed unusual activity and asked us to lock and investigate a large set of accounts with linked activity. We are working through our due diligence on all those accounts and will be in touch with you individually with questions if we have any on your account or activity.” Going further, he continued: “Since it’s a reasonably large set of accounts, it’s taking us some time to work through all of them but it’s the highest priority for us internally and we have more than 10 people working on this. We apologize for this sudden inconvenience and hope to put better practices in place to avoid this in the future.” Akhund’s response was pulled out by the uproar caused by the bank’s action and this goes beyond email messages but also social media platforms. Popularly known on Twitter as Mochievous, Modupe Odele, the founder of ScaleMyHustle and Vazi Legal, stated: “This is not a good look. I have a list of over 20+ African startups whose bank accounts were mass-blocked at around the same time by @BankMercury yesterday. I love Mercury a lot but they can’t just do this to an entire continent. It is not right & we need to all speak up.” In a reply to Odunayo Eweniyi, co-founder and COO of Piggy Bank, she wrote: — ‘unusual’ and ‘linked activity’. LOL. We have people in Ghana, Kenya, Sierra Leone with their accounts locked all about the same time. There’s clearly only one thing that connects all of them — she said. A timeline has not been given as to when the issues would be resolved. The bank promises to give an update as soon as it is done and says it’s prioritizing the review of the account with its bank partner and apologized for any inconvenience this may cause. Hence, African startup companies who rely on Mercury Bank for the salary payments of employees should wait till whenever the bank is ready. Interestingly, Mercury Bank is valued at $1.6 billion despite its three-year in the market. The bank is in charge of over 4 billion in customer deposits from 40,000+ businesses in more than 200 countries.  The post Mercury Bank’s Move Reiterates The Need For Innovative Thinking appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Mercury Bank, a San Francisco based digital bank that touts itself to be the bank for startups, has restricted the accounts of startups linked to the African continent, with the CEO, Immad Akhund, stating that the restriction was due to ‘unusual activity’. According to multiple reports, the firm neither gave any… In "Tech News" Yesterday, Mercury, which describes itself as a bank for startups, restricted several accounts linked to African tech startups, TechCrunch has learned.  The number of companies involved with this restriction is unknown. But some sources told TechCrunch that they range from a dozen to 30 — including well established YC-backed startups… In "Business" Almost everything that works nowadays in a still largely dysfunctional African continent is underpinned by technology. From telephony, elections, to the mundane hailing of a taxi or posting of a letter, tech has made these hitherto needlessly difficult tasks so easy that we now thankfully take them for granted. In… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!