 It follows a similar warning from U.S. officials earlier this week that the Russian government had asked China for military equipment and other support, as POLITICO and other media outlets reported. A subsequent Financial Times report said China signaled openness to the request. It is not immediately clear whether the latest EU information derives from the same sources or Europe’s own intelligence. “EU leaders have very reliable evidence that China is considering providing military aid to Russia. All the leaders are very aware of what’s going on,” the senior EU official said on condition of anonymity as he was not authorized to speak publicly about confidential information. He did not say what kind of assistance Moscow had requested. “We are concerned about the fact that China is flirting with the Russians,” he added. The EU will “impose trade barriers against China” should Beijing proceed with Russia’s request, he said, as “this is the only language Beijing understands.” The EU-China summit, scheduled for April 1 with President Xi Jinping, will go on as scheduled, as confirmed in a meeting with all EU countries’ top representatives in Brussels on Friday. The deepening Ukraine crisis is seen as a test to the strength of the Russia-China relations. Beijing has repeatedly dismissed U.S. reports about its involvement in the Ukraine crisis as “disinformation. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi insisted Monday his country is “not a party” to Russia’s war with Ukraine, after U.S. officials claimed Moscow had requested military equipment from Beijing and Washington urged the Asian powerhouse not to get involved. “China is not a party to the [Ukraine] crisis,” Wang reportedly… In "Politics" VERSAILLES, France — The Netherlands is once again leading a charge of frugal countries at a major European Council summit, but this time it’s not common debt the Dutch are blocking but generosity of spirit toward war-ravaged Ukraine’s bid to join the EU. As EU heads of state and government… In "Politics" It was the moment when a throwaway diplomatic mantra — “nothing about Ukraine without Ukraine” — actually made a giant difference. A personal plea for help by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy issued directly to EU heads of state and government via video link as the leaders met at an emergency summit in… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!