 The party zoned the national chairman to the North-Central while the South West will produce the National Secretary. The office of the Deputy national chairman goes to South East zone. In a statement by Director of Publicity of the party, Saliu Na’in a Dambatta, the zoning arrangement was adopted at the March 8, 2022 regular meeting of the CECPC. 1. National Chairman2. National Vice Chairman (North Central)3. Deputy National Secretary4. Deputy National Legal Adviser5. Deputy National Publicity Secretary 6. Zonal Secretary7. Zonal Youth Leader8. Zonal Organising Secretary9. Zonal Women Leader10. Zonal Special Leader (Persons with Disabilities – PWD)11. National Ex – Officio Member 1. National Vice Chairman (South South)2. National Publicity Secretary3. National Women Leader4. Deputy National Treasurer5. Deputy National Welfare Secretary 6. Zonal Secretary7. Zonal Youth Leader8. Zonal Organising Secretary9. Zonal Women Leader10. Zonal Special Leader (Persons with Disabilities – PWD)11. National Ex – Officio Member 1. National Secretary2. National Vice Chairman (South West)3. National Youth Leader4. National Physically Challenged Leader5. Deputy National Auditor 6. Zonal Secretary7. Zonal Youth Leader8. Zonal Organising Secretary9. Zonal Women Leader10. Zonal Special Leader (Persons with Disabilities – PWD)11. National Ex – Officio Member 1. Deputy National Chairman (South)2. National Vice Chairman (South East)3. National Treasurer4. National Welfare Secretary5. Deputy National Organising Secretary 6. Zonal Secretary7. Zonal Youth Leader8. Zonal Organising Secretary9. Zonal Women Leader10. Zonal Special Leader (Persons with Disabilities – PWD)11. National Ex – Officio Member 1. Deputy National Chairman (North)2. National Auditor3. National Vice Chairman (North East)4. Deputy National Financial Secretary5. Deputy National Women Leader 6. Zonal Secretary7. Zonal Youth Leader8. Zonal Organisig Secretary9. Zonal Women Leader10. Zonal Special Leader (Persons with Disabilities – PWD)11. National Ex – Officio Member 1. National Vice Chairman (North West)2. National Legal Adviser3. National Organising Secretary4. National Financial Secretary5. Deputy National Youth Leader 6. Zonal Secretary7. Zonal Youth Leader8. Zonal Organising Secretary9. Zonal Women Leader10. Zonal Special Leader (Persons with Disabilities – PWD)11. National Ex-Officio Member Zonal Representatives on the CECPC will coordinate the process in each zone. The post Breaking: APC releases approved zoning formula for national convention appeared first on Expressive Info. The Caretaker/Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee, CECPC, of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, has finally released the zoning arrangement for the March 26 National Convention. The party zoned the national chairman to the North-Central while the South West will produce the National Secretary. The office of the Deputy national chairman… In "Slider 2" A file photo of the APC flag.     The Caretaker/Extra-ordinary Convention Planning Committee of the All Progressives Congress(APC) has released the zoning arrangement for the March 26 National Convention. APC in a statement issued on Wednesday by its Director of Publicity, Salisu Na’inna Ɗambatta, zoned the national chairman to… In "Slider 2" The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) on Wednesday released its approved recommendations of the Committee on Zoning. The party's Director of Publicity, Salisu Na’inna Dambatta, confirmed the development in a statement obtained by Naija News today. The decision was taken during a meeting of the Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC)… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!