WWE superstar Big E has confirmed he suffered a broken neck during a match on SmackDown. The fan favourite – who remains one of the company’s most popular stars both on his own and as a member of The New Day – revealed the extent of his injury after he landed on his head during a belly to belly suplex from Ridge Holland. The incident occurred during a match pitting E and Kofi Kingston against Holland and Sheamus, and after the fall he was stretchered out of the arena during a commercial break. He later took to Twitter and shared a video from his hospital bed while wearing a neck brace and thanked everyone for their ‘concern’ and support. He said: ‘I can’t thank all of you beautiful people enough for all of your concern and your messages, it’s very heartwarming. I can move all my digits. You see that, that’s nice. That’s always a good thing. ‘Strength feels fine, but unfortunately right now they tell me my neck is broken, so there’s that. ‘Once again, thank you everybody, I’m going to be alright. I’ll be good. Don’t worry. Go to sleep. Don’t worry about old me, but for real, thank you and I appreciate all of you.’ WWE is yet to issue their own statement on the injury, but the company’s social media team has retweeted messages of support from E’s fellow superstars. Becky Lynch tweeted: ‘One of the best humans in the world. I’m hoping you’ve been keeping it a secret that you have wolverine-esque healing powers. Thinking of you. Love you E.’  Who does Patton Oswalt play in Picard season 2 and who is Spot-73?   The Masked Singer US genuinely thrown into chaos after McTerrier trips over and loses mask   Rupert Grint has introduced his daughter to Harry Potter and she has a wand  Liv Morgan wrote: ‘We love u E.. So thankful you are okay and in good spirits. The power of positivity (sic)’ WWE Hall of Famer Nikki Bella added: ‘Sending you so much love and light E!! Heal well my friend!’ And Natalya said: ‘We love you so much, @WWEBigE. Keeping you in my prayers. We’ve all got your back. You’re one of the toughest human beings I know.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Dominik Mysterio wants to inherit Rey’s mask to take family’s legacy to new heights MORE : The New Day: Big E, King Xavier and Kofi Kingston would love to be WWE villains after years as fan favourites Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!