Ashley Cole is set for married life again after getting engaged to his longtime girlfriend Sharon Canu. The former Arsenal footballer appeared to pop the question on Thursday evening and shared the joyful news via Instagram. In a short video, Ashley, 41, is seen sharing a kiss with Sharon in a dimly-lit room surrounded by bouquets of flowers. It was clearly a special occasion as the ex-football star looked smart in a white shirt and grey trousers, while Sharon wore a beige figure-hugging dress. She captioned the clip: ‘The easiest “Yes” I’ve ever said.’ Ashley and Sharon are believed to have started dating after meeting when he joined Italian club AS Roma in 2014. They have since kept their relationship out of the spotlight, including Sharon’s pregnancies when she was expecting their children; son Jaxon, six, and daughter Grace, four. However, he shared a rare insight into his life as a family man in 2019, telling the Daily Telegraph: ‘These are the things I focus on now – my kids and my girlfriend. ‘It’s a different me. I’m more of a family man now. You won’t see me in nightclubs anymore, you’ll see me at a park pushing my kids.’ He added: ‘I was a young, angry kid at the time, and now I’ve grown up and understand the things I did is life, it happens.  Cheryl’s ex Ashley Cole engaged to longtime partner Sharon Canu after romantic proposal  ‘Not just me, but with certain situations, loads of other people have done [the same]. I’ve learnt from it, it’s made me a better person. It’s made me a great dad.’ Ashley was famously married to Girls Aloud singer Cheryl, with the pair tying the knot in 2006. However, they separated in 2010 and eventually divorced. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Grimshaw engaged to boyfriend Mesh Henry after four years and reveals gold ring MORE : Daniel Radcliffe raves about Evan Rachel Wood as Madonna in Weird Al biopic: ‘One of the most fantastic performances I’ve been witness to’ Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!