When Chris Rock got on stage at the 2022 Oscars, he probably expected his hosting gig to go as many of his others have: a risky joke here, a pop culture reference there, a few laughs and a swift exit – simple. Of course, that was far from what happened on Sunday night. After spotting Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith in the crowd, the actor and comedian referred to Pinkett Smith’s shaved head by saying: ‘G.I. Jane 2, can’t wait to see it!’ Yet, Jada’s appearance isn’t due to an upcoming sequel of the 1997 army film; she has been living with alopecia since 2018. Though the comedian’s comment was meant in jest, it wasn’t received as such. Jada was clearly upset, and moments later, her husband Will walked on stage and struck Chris with an open hand before returning to his seat. From the audience, he shouted at the comedian to ‘Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth’. It was a slap and a warning heard throughout the world. Despite Smith later winning his first Oscar, and a wealth of other landmark moments that occurred on the night, this has been the main discussion point from this year’s Academy Awards, and it is a shame. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T52S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/28/03/55883579-0-image-a-10_1648435249920.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-28T03:40:10+0100","description":"ABC tried to censor Will Smith's outburst but his lips can still be seen to mouth the words 'Keep my wife's name out of your f***ing mouth'.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/28/6201052676286727000/640x360_MP4_6201052676286727000.mp4","height":360,"width":640}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video However, while the debate as to whether Will was right or wrong for his actions rages on, it’s important to acknowledge that this regrettable moment would never have happened if Rock didn’t see fit to make the joke in the first place. Comedians are often defended with a variation of the argument that ‘anything can be funny’, or the idea of it being a comic’s job to take cheeky digs, no matter the circumstances. But what right does Chris Rock have to decide that Jada needs to laugh about an autoimmune condition that she’s experiencing? Through her Facebook talk show, Red Table Talk, and other public interviews, Jada has been open about her struggles with hair loss. On one occasion, she said that dealing with the condition has left her ‘shaking with fear’. It’s clearly a topic that has had a deep effect on her physically, as well as in terms of her self-esteem. People with alopecia and other similar diseases that result in hair loss will likely be able to relate to feeling sensitive about this and should be allowed the freedom to address it as they wish, be it with humour or reverence. Yet, in the discussion of this joke, there’s another layer of offence that’s worth addressing that makes this moment all the more distasteful. As a Black man, Chris Rock is acutely aware of the implications of making fun of a Black woman’s hair. For years, there have been discussions of how beauty standards have favoured whiteness, with Black women suffering greatly because of it: from being told natural hair styles are unprofessional, to missing out on opportunities completely, all because of how they look. There are centuries’ worth of beauty politics at play when we talk about Black hair – and Chris Rock knows this fact well. In 2009, he released an entire documentary called Good Hair to explore this very topic: the effects of discrimination against afro-textured hair, and the lengths that Black women and girls, in particular, have gone to in the hopes of achieving straight and kink-free tresses – ‘good’ hair. His film delves into the prevalence of chemical relaxers, or ‘perms’, and the damaging effects of long-term usage both physically and mentally. Not only have some perm users suffered hair loss due to the use of these products, but the pursuit of straight hair has also meant that some Black children grow up believing that their natural hair is wrong, or ugly. Chris Rock is not oblivious to the struggle that generations of Black women and girls have faced in order to love their own appearances in a world that often encourages the opposite. Even if he wasn’t aware of Jada’s alopecia, he knows better than to use something so potentially sensitive to Black women in order to garner easy laughs, mostly from those who will never understand this hurt. Plus, this wasn’t a joke said between Hollywood peers in passing, at a party or at a casual private event. When Chris poked fun at Jada’s appearance, it was on stage at the biggest night in film; a prestigious ceremony with cameras catching every moment and viewers all over the world. What may have been ‘just a joke’ to him could have had a much greater effect on the person it was aimed towards or the countless others who look like her, through choice or otherwise.  Aljaž Škorjanec quits Strictly Come Dancing after nine years   Dancing On Ice 2022: Regan Gascoigne wins after landing perfect score   Piers Morgan’s return to TV confirmed as launch date for ‘fearless’ new show revealed  By him poking fun at the way she looked, Chris Rock’s words show others that it’s OK to do the same. That isn’t something that should just be shrugged off and moved past; a public display against what he said felt due. Whether Will Smith responded in the right way to someone he loves being disrespected so publicly is a matter of its own – one that will surely be discussed for days to come. But in this heated discussion about the reaction, let’s not lose sight of the rotten action that preceded it. Not all jokes are made equal, and nor are the consequences. But next time, maybe Chris Rock will think twice about using his position of power to belittle someone who deserved his support. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Black people face ‘racial trauma’ because of frequent Afro hair discrimination MORE : Will Smith’s attack on Chris Rock at the Oscars sparks outrage from shocked stars MORE : Oscars 2022: All the winners from Will Smith and Ariana DeBose to Jane Campion and Coda Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!