Molly-Mae Hague has shown off the scar from surgery to remove a lump as she sunned herself on a working holiday to Mexico. She had previously admitted her worry over sharing any content from her trip ‘given everything that’s happening in the world’, as she carefully referenced the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces. Resuming her social media posting, the 22-year-old Love Island Star shared a snap of herself in a black bikini and white shorts, posing by an idyllic-looking beachside pool on a sun lounger, gazing out to sea with her long blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail. On the side of her left breast, a small patch of darker skin tissue could be glimpsed, and the influencer explained its presence as she shared the photo on her Instagram Stories. ‘Little lump removal scar,’ she wrote next to it, with a white heart emoji. ‘Grown to like it,’ she added. Molly-Mae previously underwent surgery in September last year to have lumps removed from her breast and finger, with the star being open about the procedures and urging her followers to check their bodies. She has also shared online about her ongoing battle with endometriosis, which a long-term condition where tissue similar to the lining of the womb grows in other places, such as the ovaries, fallopian tubes and pelvic tissue. After undergoing surgery for her endometriosis shortly after her lump removal, Molly-Mae shared her operation scars on her stomach in November as she touched on the ‘tough recovery’ she endured in the weeks afterwards, admitting that the procedure ‘was way, way harder to go through than I thought’. https://www.instagram.com/p/Capw0OrPXdR/ The Pretty Little Thing creative director is in Tulum, Mexico to shoot a campaign for her tanning brand Filter, and previously admitted she wasn’t ‘in shape’ for the trip. Speaking on her YouTube channel, the influencer said she had not dieted or exercised before jetting off, but she’s no longer bothered about what she looks like.  Love Island’s Jess Shears expecting second child with husband Dom Lever   Love Island’s Siânnise Fudge hits back at ‘new boyfriend’ rumours after Luke Trotman split   Love Island’s Siannise Fudge cosies up to model Chris Beviere after Luke Trotman split  Molly-Mae told her fans she was just ‘embracing my natural body and not even worrying about how I look’ ahead of the shoot. After fans filled in a poll deciding whether they wanted her to stay offline or continue posting as usual while she was abroad, 70% wanted her to keep posting for an ‘escape,’ and so she has continued to do so while signposting to information and donation links. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Molly-Mae Hague ‘has full beard’ after beauty treatment woes: ‘I wish I’d never started’ MORE : Peaky Blinders fans delight as Tom Hardy reunites with Cillian Murphy onscreen in season 6 episode 2: ‘Pure magic’ Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!