The gains recorded under the programme indicate that technology can be used to close learning gaps at scale. In January and February 2022, 379 schools across the 18 local government areas of the State were added to EdoBEST. This was possible after the EdoBEST Induction Training of over 600 primary school teachers and headteachers as well as an additional 1,859 junior secondary school teachers and principals. In terms of actual impact, at least 148 primary schools and 232 junior secondary schools with pupils who live in hard-to-reach (often riverine) areas will now have access to world-class basic education services. Therefore, when the visibly excited Mrs. Ozavize E. Salami, the Executive Chairman of Edo State Universal Basic Education Board (Edo SUBEB), met the media at a press conference in Benin City recently. She not only confirmed these figures but also stressed that the trained personnel have been equipped with smartphone and teacher tablets to implement EdoBEST in their respective schools.  Source: EdoBEST Mrs. Salami confirmed that with this move, the gap in the quality of learning between the rich and not-so-rich in Edo State will be significantly closed. Why EdoBEST? Like all tech intervention programmes, EdoBEST was launched to solve identified problems in the education system. Before EdoBEST, pupils in Edo primary schools were significantly underperforming their potential academically; teachers were hardly in school and lacked modern tools to do their work and government did not have the data to make decisions. EdoBEST was launched to address these challenges and technology was considered an enabler that can address these issues adequately. Education sector policy makers knew that a platform had to be put in place to keep teachers in school, keep them teaching, and fill data gaps. Elaborate tech intervention As a starting point in the implementation of EdoBEST, all government primary schools were mapped using GPS. Afterwards, proprietary technology was deployed to selected schools which were the first beneficiaries of the programme.  Source: EdoBEST Teachers from the schools were trained on how to use the technology and assigned teacher-tablets and smartphones to enable them to implement EdoBEST. A core objective of the programme was to get teachers in school, and to get them to teach while there. Therefore, under the EdoBEST programme, immediately a teacher arrives school, a timestamp is registered by the teacher’s government issued tablet. After the teacher’s attendance is taken, those of pupils are taken with the tablet. Therefore, the process of knowing if a teacher is in class or if a pupil is in school is automated and can be verified even by the governor from the comfort of his office. After attendance is taken, the activities of teachers can be tracked throughout the day as lesson guides are sent and lesson completion rate can be monitored remotely. Those teachers who are not teaching can be easily identified.  Source: EdoBEST The technology permits remote teacher training and pupil performance monitoring and evaluation. Each teacher and pupil has a unique identification number within the system for better administration and management. Teachers and pupils who need additional help can easily be identified and assisted. “This whole system made my mother to stay in school as opposed to the past,” says Mrs. Esiri Osasu (not real name), the daughter of a teacher. “In the past, my mother would get to school, sign in and leave when she wanted to, but now that cannot happen. People are watching.” The Edo State government also uses a complex network of Learning and Development Officers as well as Quality Assurance Officers to ensure that teachers in the school system are doing what they should be doing. These officers also provide support and help to resolve issues that arise in the system. By catering to well over 600,000 pupils weekly, EdoBEST is perhaps the biggest whole-scale EdTech intervention in Africa, south of the Sahara at the moment. The evidence suggests that the programme is having impact.  Governor Godwin Obaseki speaking Tales of impact Truely, EdoBEST is testament that EdTech works. The Edo State government commissioned a report called ‘The EdoBEST Effect’ which was designed to look at learning gains in the first term of the EdoBEST programme. The study looked at 30 control schools, 30 intervention schools and considered primary 3 and Primary 4 students. It was discovered that pupils learnt in one term what they would normally learn in one year. An EdoBEST school equates to nearly three-quarters of a year more mathematics instruction and nearly two-thirds of a year more literacy instruction compared to a traditional Edo State primary school. The study also revealed that primary 3 EdoBEST pupils scored six percentage points higher in mathematics and seven percentage points higher in English Literacy. More broadly, EdoBEST students scored higher on every examination. In Mathematics, they scored two percentage points higher than ‘status quo’ students.  Source: EdoBEST For English Literacy, they were five percentage points higher than ‘status quo’ students. The state was also spared huge loss of learning time following the outbreak of Covid-19 as EdoBEST@Home was launched to keep Edo pupils learning. Using a combination of WhatsApp chat groups, the Edo SUBEB website and Facebook, pupils in Edo State kept learning despite the lockdowns that characterized Covid. During the press conference, Mrs. Salami assured that all will be done to keep schools decent, and pupils learning. “Our results are in schools,” she said. “My ambition is to see to it that all our schools have efficient teachers and headteachers who run their schools like productive CEOs,” She said.  The post EdoBEST as a Testament that EdTech Works appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!