{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T1M14S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/16/18/55441999-0-image-a-32_1647454437423.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-16T18:13:00+0000","description":"Bit much.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/16/7266012933284056936/480x270_MP4_7266012933284056936.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson’s relationship has got to a whole new level as the Keeping Up star revealed her boyfriend has got her name branded into his skin. Are they coming for Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker’s title as the most intense couple in the family? Very possibly. During an appearance on the Ellen DeGeneres Show, Kim, 41, addressed rumours that Pete, 28, has got a tattoo of her name on his chest after a photo of him in bed appeared amid messages reportedly sent to her ex, Kanye West. The truth, as it turns out, is much more bizarre, as Kim revealed: ‘He has a few tattoos, a few cute ones that he got, but the Kim one isn’t a tattoo, it’s actually a branding. ‘Let me explain it – he wanted to do something that was really different because okay, first tattoo he got, I was like, “Thank you, oh my god,” second, I was like, “So cute,” but that’s what tattoo people do, right? They get tattoos of what’s going on in their life.’ Asked if he has three tattoos of her, Kim responded: ‘A little more than that.’ ‘The branding is my name,’ Kim continued. ‘The other ones are cutesy things. I think my favourite one, it says: “My girl is a lawyer.” And that one’s really cute.’ The branding appears slightly darker than the rest of Pete’s tattoos and can be seen in the recently-released photo of him, amid texts he allegedly sent to Kanye. Ye has previously lashed out at the SNL favorite on Instagram, referring to him as Skete and branding him a d**khead, while also begging for his wife back. The dad-of-four revealed that the actor sent him a string of messages, including a photo of the actor allegedly lying in bed with the reality star. ‘Kim is literally the best mother I’ve ever met. What she does for those kids is amazing and you are so f***ing lucky that she’s your kids moma [sic],’ he is thought to have said in the texts, which were initially posted on Instagram by comic Dave Sirus. ‘I’ve decided I’m not gonna let you treat us this way anymore and I’m done being quiet. Grow the f**k up. ‘You don’t scare me bro. Your actions are so petty nd embarrassing. It’s so sad to watch you ruin ur legacy on the daily [sic].’ Pete also suggested that the two should meet and discuss matters in private, adding: ‘I’m in LA for the day if you wanna stop being a little internet b***h boy and talk.’ Discussing the messages in a now-deleted video, Kanye told fans: ‘The boyfriend texts me, antagonising me, bragging about being in bed with my wife.  Amanda Bynes was once told she ‘looked like a monster’ by Hollywood director   Bella Hadid’s parents Yolanda and Mohamed slammed for allowing her to have nose job at 14   Kylie Jenner candidly opens up about struggling after giving birth to son Wolf  ‘I’m like, well, who’s watching my children if he’s texting me, bragging about being in bed with my wife?’ Pete and Kim started dating following her appearance on SNL last year, after she filed for divorce from Kanye in February 2021. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West ‘fears Pete Davidson will get Kim Kardashian hooked on drugs’ amid bitter feud MORE : Trevor Noah warns Kanye West feud with Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson could get violent: ‘We have to ask ourselves questions’ To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video A new trailer for The Kardashians is here and it’s just as explosive as we all hoped, giving us snippets of Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson’s blossoming romance and Kourtney Kardashian and… In "Metro" Kanye West has dropped the music video for Eazy and it’s… pretty interesting (Picture: Kanye West/Getty) Kanye West appears to be burying an animated version of Pete Davidson in the music video for his new song Eazy from the upcoming Donda 2 album. The rapper, who has launched a number… In "Metro" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Kim Kardashian has shared a wild behind-the-scenes video of her incredible Paris fashion week look, meaning we can finally work out how she pulled it off. The Skims business mogul, 41, took… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!