 POLITICO’s coverage of the high-profile story about the Ukrainian Snake Island garrison, “‘Go fuck yourself,’ Ukrainian soldiers on Snake Island tell Russian ship before being killed” (February 25), is a most notable example thereof. You did not even care to mention any Russian statements, supported by video evidence, that the “dead heroes of Ukraine” were safe and sound, having surrendered to the Russian army. It was only after the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine announced that the soldiers defending Snake Island were alive and well that you published a much less eye-catching follow-up, “The ‘go fuck yourself’ Ukrainian soldiers on Snake Island are alive, navy says” (February 28). Yet, later in an opinion piece, “Get ready for a long war” (March 1), you linked to the original article, bringing shame on yourself and your colleagues, and indulging the government in Kyiv. If your journalists are incapable of finding freely accessible videos of safe and sound Ukrainians, as well as the Russian point of view of current developments in and around Ukraine, the Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the European Union will be happy to provide it. Sergey KovalevskiyPress Attaché, Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the European UnionBrussels Russian forces have killed all the soldiers who were defending Zmiinyi Island, also known as Snake Island, located in the Black Sea. In a final display of defiance, a Ukrainian soldier told the warship that came to attack them: “Go fuck yourself.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy confirmed overnight that Snake… In "Politics" Ukrainian soldiers who were defending Snake Island are “alive and well,” the Ukrainian navy announced Monday. In a Facebook post, the navy said that the military personnel defending Snake Island, also known as Zmiinyi Island, in the Black Sea are alive and in Russian captivity. “We are very happy to… In "Politics" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has confirmed that Zmiinyi Island also known as Snake Island, has fallen to Russian forces, with all defenders killed. An audio making rounds online captured an exchange between the Zmiinyi defenders and the Russian soldiers as they approached the Island. A Russian officer said: “This is… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!