Liam Gallagher dedicated his performance of Oasis’ Live Forever to Taylor Hawkins during his show at Royal Albert Hall on Saturday night. The Foo Fighters drummer passed away on Friday aged 50, prompting an outpouring from fans and fellow music stars around the globe. ‘I dedicate this last song to the one and only Taylor f**king Hawkins,’ the former Oasis frontman said, as a photo of Hawkins appeared on screen behind him. ‘This is for you, brother.’ Liam, 49, played a Teenage Cancer Trust concert at the Royal Albert Hall on Saturday night, singing a career-spanning show of solo hits and Oasis classics. The drum kit used in the charity gig also had the name Hawkins written on it, in another tribute to the rock star, who died during the South American leg of Foo Fighters’ world tour. The investigation into Hawkins’ death continues. Liam had close ties with the Foo Fighters; his recent single Everything’s Electric was co-written by Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl. Following the news of Hawkins’ sudden death, the 49-year-old said he was ‘absolutely devastated’ and ‘my thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends RIP brother’. Hawkins played in the Foos with former Nirvana drummer Dave Grohl on vocals for more than two decades, alongside Nate Mendel, Pat Smear, Chris Shiflett and Rami Jaffee. Blink-182 star Travis Barker, Ozzy Osbourne, Nickelback and The Smashing Pumpkins were among many who mourned the loss of the talented drummer. Barker paid tribute to his friend on Instagram in an emotional post, writing: ‘I don’t have the words. ‘Sad to write this or to never see you again. I’ll never forget Laguna Beach days when I was a trash man playing in a punk rock band and you were playing with Alanis. You’d come watch me play in dive bars and be like, “kid you’re a star”. Ozzy Osbourne praised Hawkins as a ‘great person and an amazing musician’, and promised to ‘see him on the other side’. Foo Fighters had been due to play the Festival Estéreo Picnic in the Colombian capital of Bogota the same evening Hawkins’ death was announced and fans flocked to the concert venue as well as Hawkins’ hotel, the Casa Medina, to mourn the drummer by lighting candles. Concertgoers were seen looking emotional and embracing one another as the congregated together after the news broke. Many were seen crying and checking the news on their phones after it was revealed Hawkins had died suddenly. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Taylor Hawkins fulfilled dreams of nine-year-old fan who played drums for Foo Fighters days before his death MORE : Taylor Hawkins remembered as ‘beautiful, beautiful man’ by Coldplay’s Chris Martin as he dedicates song to Foo Fighters’ drummer after death aged 50 Tributes have flooded in for the beloved musician (Picture: Steve Jennings/WireImage) Following the news that Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins has died at the age of 50, the musician’s cause of death is ‘under investigation’, it has been reported. In a statement shared by the band on social media, they… In "Metro" Fans were devastated to learn of the death of Taylor Hawkins (Picture: AFP / AP) Fans of the Foo Fighters were seen gathering in their hundreds after news broke of drummer Taylor Hawkins’ death.  Hawkins died aged 50 during the band’s tour in Colombia, and was found in his hotel… In "Metro" Hawkins and Grohl were extremely close (Picture: Matt Baron/REX/Shutterstock) Taylor Hawkins, best known for being the drummer of legendary rock band Foo Fighters, has died aged 50. We take a look back at his incredible career.  The band confirmed the news overnight, with tributes pouring in from all across the… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!