Designed to support Entrepreneurs-in-training to build successful tech-enabled businesses, the MEST Africa Training Programme runs for twelve months and is hosted physically in Accra, Ghana. The programme leverages the power of innovation to give young Africans commercial skills in technology and entrepreneurship. The training was launched in 2008 as a fully-funded programme by the Meltwater Foundation. Added to creating thousands of jobs across the continent for its graduates since inception, over 800 young African tech entrepreneurs have been trained and more than 80 startups have received seed investment and support from the programme. Benefits Successful applicants will gain access to world-class education in software development, business and communication skills from MEST’s campus in Accra, Ghana. Training is done along with mentorship and networking sessions with leading industry experts and business executives from all over the world. At the end of the year-long programme, all the Entrepreneurs-in-training form startups with co-founders within their cohort and pitch their business idea for up to $100,000 in seed funding, business incubation, and a lifetime of support from MEST Africa’s global community of experts and founders. “We are thrilled to open applications for our 12-month Training Program to every aspiring tech entrepreneur on the continent again as more countries open up their borders again and as the world adapts to the new normal. We look forward to identifying and welcoming a diverse group of young and ambitious people into our program in Ghana to start their entrepreneurial journeys by August 2022”, said Emily  Fiagbedzi, the Director of Training Programme at MEST Africa. MEST has produced some of the continent’s fastest-growing startups across various industries. Some of MEST’s past cohorts and graduating startups include the largest real estate platform in Ghana, MeQasa; CodeLn, one of the fastest-growing platforms for hiring software developers in Africa; Complete Farmer, a leading agritech business in Africa and Kudobuzz, a SaaS company that builds tools to help eCommerce merchants build trust and traction. How to apply Apply to achieve your entrepreneurial goal with MEST Africa Training Programme 2023. Application deadline is on Wednesday, April 20, 2022. The post Applications Still Ongoing for MEST Africa Training Programme 2023 appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!