 Erik ten Hag is currently the leading candidate to be offered the Manchester United job, according to reports. The Red Devils are in the process of finding interim boss Ralf Rangnick’s replacement for when the German boss’ time in charge comes to an end in the summer. According to The Telegraph, following an initial stage of interviews with the club, Ajax boss Ten Hag is currently leading the race ahead of Mauricio Pochettino. United chiefs have already held initial discussions with Ten Hag, Pochettino and a third candidate and they are all set for a second round of conversations before a decision is made. The report does not name who the third manager is but claims it is neither Luis Enrique or Julen Lopetegui, who had previously been linked with the job. However, ahead of a second and final round of interviews, Ten Hag is said to have the advantage over former Tottenham manager Pochettino. Both managers now look like realistic options with PSG open to letting Pochettino go given they failed in their pursuit for a maiden Champions League trophy once again, while Ajax gave permission for Ten Hag to speak to United. In Pochettino, United have a manager they’ve watched progress over the years who has proven Premier League experience with Spurs and now manages a club of superstars with Lionel Messi, Neymar and Kylian Mbappe at his disposal. Ten Hag’s style of play and impressive work at Ajax are said to appeal to United but with the majority of his coaching career all being in the Eredivisie, the step up to the Premier League would be a risk. United legend Gary Neville recently revealed he’s still a huge fan of Pochettino but feels his old side are going to opt for Ten Hag. ‘I think Manchester United fans are demanding a fresh start, they’re demanding a fresh name,’ Neville said. “They want something that’s completely different that they’ve not seen before. ‘That’s probably gone against Pochettino in some ways. I think I’ve got a soft spot for Pochettino because of the fact I’ve seen him work close-hand.  Underwhelming Man Utd star could have been world’s best but didn’t care, says Foster   Mason Greenwood still suspended by Man Utd despite ‘reappearing on club website’   Steve McClaren likens Man Utd target to Alex Ferguson: ‘He’s outstanding’  ‘I spent a week at Tottenham five or six years ago when he was there, and it was incredible in terms of the work he was doing, the coaching was fantastic. ‘The big thing for Pochettino, other than the fact he hasn’t won a trophy, is that he hadn’t worked with star players, he hadn’t worked with big names. He’s now got that experience under his belt, so I think he’s more rounded, I think he’s better prepared to come and deal with the big players Manchester United have got. ‘He’s more suited to come in and do what I think he wants to do at a club like Manchester United with the scrutiny on him. I think Pochettino is best-placed, still, because of what he’s done at Southampton and Tottenham, he knows the Premier League, there’s no shock. ‘But you look at the weight of opinion towards Ten Hag, and it’s huge, absolutely huge. That’s something the club can’t consider because they’ve got to be professional and do their job diligently in terms of their interviews, and get it over and done quickly. You can’t start an interview process and then finish it two months later, they have to finish this process quite quickly. ‘They (United) do sway with the wind, and the wind’s blowing towards Ten Hag, so I think they’ll go with him.’ MORE : Mauricio Pochettino has Manchester United interview after Erik ten Hag impresses board MORE : Manchester United urged to snub Mauricio Pochettino as Ally McCoist backs two rival managers for job For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!