 The United midfielder finds himself at something of a career crossroads, with his deal at Old Trafford expiring in a matter of months. His future remains a hot topic of debate, with his personal trainer suggesting earlier this week that he will depart. The likes of Juventus, Real Madrid and PSG are all touted as potential destinations. If he does depart United this summer, he will probably depart as something of a failure. He has shown glimpses of what he is capable – his four assists on the opening day of the season against Leeds illustrating that perfectly. However, there are games when he fails to impress and stamp his obvious talent on proceedings. When you consider his performances for previous club Juventus and again with France, United fans will feel they should have got more out of their club-record signing. And while his intentions are yet to be confirmed, Pogba’s latest interview, will perhaps be seen by some as something of a farewell. Speaking with JOE, Pogba has spoken about the players he has found hardest to face during his career. And perhaps to plenty of surprise, he has picked out former Liverpool star Emre Can as his toughest rival. The Germany star departed Anfield as a free agent back in 2018, joining Juventus and going on to win two Serie A titles. Can is now back in his native Germany with Borussia Dortmund, but Pogba claims Can is a fearsome midfielder. “Emre Can, yeah,” he said when asked about his hardest opponent. “Obviously, N’Golo [Kante] and everything, but one day I remember I had a big battle with Emre Can. But with Kante, you pass him and you think there’s another N’Golo because he comes back so fast.” Pogba has faced Can on five occasions, though has never actually lost a game in which Can has played in. And the United man has also come up against Liverpool on seven occasions. The World Cup winner has one win, four draws and two defeats against Jurgen Klopp’s side. All things considered, the midfielder will likely find himself at a new club this summer. That stance appears to have been underlined by ‘Coach Maddy’, the man known as his personal trainer. He told Calciomercato: “Regarding Pogba. At the end of June he will no longer be a Manchester United player. “I think it is right for him to look elsewhere. Perhaps Manchester also wants to renew themselves and the most sensible thing is to separate. “The time will come to change and try new challenges, new emotions, new environments for both Pogba and Manchester, to try something different and maybe they will both be happy. “Right now I think he’s enjoying himself, they have a good team, especially since [Cristiano] Ronaldo decided to return. The problem is that the results don’t come. “A top player doesn’t waste his time on minor competitions, he wants to be motivated to play for ambitious trophies.” READ MORE: Manchester United hierarchy given boost in audacious plot to secure Thomas Tuchel The post Paul Pogba explains why he rates former Liverpool man as toughest opponent; Kante earns praise appeared first on TEAMtalk. The personal trainer of Paul Pogba has confirmed the midfielder will leave Manchester United as a free agent this summer. A few months remain until the end of Pogba’s contract as a Manchester United player. His second spell with the club, which began in 2016, has not been all it was expected… In "Slider 1" Paul Pogba can walk next summerDespite his strong showings so far this season, Paul Pogba can in fact walk away from Manchester United for absolutely nothing next summer. Barcelona have become the latest club linked with a move for the Frenchman should he become a free agent. While the Athletic… In "Sports" Paul Pogba’s contract expires at the end of the season (Picture: Getty) Paul Pogba’s fitness trainer has revealed the Manchester United star won’t be ‘wasting his time’ at the club next season and is destined to leave as a free agent. The France international remains United’s record signing, but he… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!