Tega’s rocky marriage first made headlines during her stint in the reality TV show. Former Big Brother Naija housemate Tega Dominic has revealed that her marriage to husband, Ajeboh, crashed in 2020. The reality TV star made this known during a question and answer session with her fans on Instagram. “Stop hanging on the report mama T, are you still married? I will keep asking till you respond,” a fan asked. In her response, the mother of one revealed that her marriage ended in 2020. “Lol. No, I am not, ended since 2020. All you know is a move that went wrong. Actually, it ended in 2020. Now y’all can get off my back, tenks,” she responded. Tega’s rocky marriage first made headlines during her stint in the reality TV show. Tega’s nemesis began when she started what many described as an abominable relationship with fellow housemate, Boma. Tega’s then-husband came to her rescue as he blamed his infidelity as the reason behind her behaviour. “First of all, I Love My Wife so much. However, I will like to state that our marriage is not perfect just like many other marriages out there. We are two imperfect people. The past 24 hours has been hell for us as a family. I have wronged my wife in so many ways but cheating on her was what broke the bond we had as a couple,” he wrote at that time. After her exit from the show, she denied having a sexual relationship with the actor turned reality TV star in the house. The reality TV star has on several occasions appealed to fans of the show to forgive her actions while in the house. Former BBNaija Shine Ya Eye housemate, Tega, has said that marriage is a difficult reality. The reality TV star opened up about this on her Snapchat Stories. “You can be 45 years in marriage and still feel trapped omoooo mannnnn it’s a difficult reality,” the mother of one wrote. Read… In "Slider 1" Ajeboh Lawrence and Tega Dominic Ex-BBNaija housemate, Tega Dominic has disclosed that her marriage to husband, Ajeboh Lawrence ended two years ago. Tega had faced lots of criticism due to her alleged ‘romantic involvement’ with fellow housemate, Boma, during the reality show which aired in 2021. In a question and… In "Slider 1" Despite deactiving her instagram account, a talent manager who was in the news for fighting her former artiste, Oritsefemi dirty has slammed Tega HARD despite the married lady left Instagram over bullying. Kara alleged Tega behaved abominably as a married woman on national TV with Boma, and then came out… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!