Arsene Wenger admits Arsenal made a ‘mistake’ by selling Ashley Cole to Chelsea in 2006. Cole, who is regarded as one of the Premier League’s best-ever left-backs, came through Arsenal’s academy and made his first-team debut at the age of 18. After helping Arsenal win two Premier League titles and three FA Cup trophies, Cole was left unhappy with Arsenal’s offer of a new contract, which paved the way for his move to Chelsea. Arsenal had initially demanded £25 million for Cole but the defender ended up joining Chelsea for £5m, while William Gallas moved in the opposite direction to the Gunners as part of the deal. And Wenger has now suggested that Arsenal should have done more to keep Cole at the club. When asked to name the one player he would’ve liked to have re-signed during his time at Arsenal, Wenger told beIN Sports: ‘Well, I would say personally, most of the time, the players gave us seven, eight, nine years and left after. ‘The younger generation like [Cesc] Fabregas we lost early and would not have loved to lose him. ‘The player I think we, internally, it was a mistake to lose was Ashley Cole. ‘Because he was playing at nine, 10 years old for the club. I knew with Fabregas that taking him away from Barcelona, at some stage he’d want to go back to Barcelona.  Ukraine’s Andriy Yarmolenko in tears after scoring on return to West Ham team   Petr Cech speaks out on Thomas Tuchel’s future and sends message to new Chelsea owners   Lionel Messi and Neymar booed by Paris Saint-Germain fans after Real Madrid loss  ‘But Ashley Cole came out of the club. I think it was a misunderstanding over a few thousand pounds. ‘At the time, we spoke about [Roman] Abramovich when he came into the game, Ashley Cole is one of the few players who developed even more and continued to develop when he left.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger explained how a Chelsea hero has become “the best all-round midfielder in Europe.” Chelsea lifted the Champions League for the second time after outthinking and outplaying Man City in Porto last week. The triumph was the second time the Blues had won the trophy after… In "Sports" An Arsenal outcast who was expected to leave on a permanent deal this summer has returned to the club after his deal collapsed. Arsenal are expected to be one to watch with regards to transfers this summer, both in terms of arrivals and exits. The club’s website recently confirmed the… In "Sports" Mikel Arteta has Arsenal in “good shape” with Arsene Wenger insisting he has no wish to replace the Spaniard in the Gunners hotseat. Arsenal currently sit rock bottom of the Premier League after a wretched start. They have lost all three games and shipped nine goals, without response, in the… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!