VALR will utilise the funds raised primarily to expand across Africa and into other emerging markets such as India, bring more products & services to its growing base of global customers and has started expanding its team by hiring extensively across all areas. VALR received an oversubscribed amount in the Series B equity funding round which was led by Pantera Capital with participation from Alameda Research, Cadenza, CMT Digital, Coinbase Ventures, Distributed Global, GSR, Third Prime, Avon Ventures, a venture capital fund affiliated with the parent company of Fidelity Investments, along with existing investors Bittrex and 4Di Capital, and others. The crypto company offers its customers the ability to safely buy, sell and store Bitcoin and 60 other cryptocurrencies—the widest selection of any platform in Africa—at some of the lowest fees in the world. VALR has processed over $7.5 billion (R115 billion) in trading volume since its launch in 2019 and now serves over 250,000 retail customers and 500 institutional clients from across the globe.  VALR’s advanced trading platform “Society’s financial tools should unite us, not divide us. That’s why I’m very excited that VALR is helping to build a financial system that recognizes the oneness of the human race. There is no longer any room for doubt regarding the impact crypto assets are having on our global financial system,” says Farzam Ehsani, VALR CEO and Co-founder. “We already help VALR’s customers enter this new world of crypto from the traditional financial system using their USD or ZAR and I’m very excited that this round of funding will allow us to serve so many more across Africa and the world.” VALR has seen its valuation grow by more than 10X since it raised its $3.4 million Series A round of funding in July 2020. “Pantera is extremely excited to be leading the Series B round for VALR, as we believe that Africa’s future is bright for the adoption of cryptocurrencies for both asset diversification and payments,” says Paul Veradittakit, Partner at Pantera Capital. “VALR brings an amazing product and service to onboard both retail customers and institutions.” “We’re very impressed with what VALR has built for retail and institutional traders over the past few years,” says Kumar Dandapani, Founder and Managing Partner at Cadenza Capital Management. “VALR is extremely well-positioned to emerge as an enduring financial institution that provides its clients asset allocation abilities in crypto and other global markets.” VALR plans to onboard many more institutions from the traditional financial system, including the largest banks, insurers and hedge funds, to assist them with the infrastructure needed to enter the crypto asset market. “The world is on the precipice of huge financial change. Crypto assets will become more and more pivotal to all our lives. VALR is here to help bridge our customers from the old financial system to the new. Whether you’re an individual or an institution, we look forward to serving you,” Ehsani concludes. The post SA-based VALR Raises Africa’s Largest Crypto Round of $50 million Series B Equity Funding appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. There is a wave of excitement around three Nigerian startups that have hit a $1 billion valuation this year. They have become unicorns. In business, a unicorn is a privately held startup company valued at over $1 billion. The term was first popularised in 2013 by venture capitalist Aileen Lee, choosing the mythical animal to represent the statistical… In "Business" Five global investors are putting their money where their mouth is by championing bold ideas in Nigerian startups, a development that is expected to boost more innovations in Nigeria’s technology sector. In a bid to leverage on the huge potentials in Nigeria’s tech sector, Tiger Global, SoftBank, Valar Ventures, Target… In "Business" Yellow Card, a Nigerian-based cryptocurrency exchange has raised a $15 million Series A funding to enable its expansion into other African countries and recruitment of new talents. Valar Ventures, Third Prime, and Castle Island led the round in Yellow Card. Participation came from Twitter’s Square, Blockchain.com Ventures, Coinbase Ventures, Polychain… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!