Few topics in tech are more confusing or intimidating than crypto. The industry has attracted trillions in investment, but it can still be tough to even buy tokens or NFTs, let alone understand what these things actually do. As a result, crypto has courted a fairly controversial reputation among consumers, who are struggling to reconcile the views of optimists promising a new world order with the present-day reality of influencers pushing doggy coin scams and suspect NFT deals. There’s a lot to be wary of in the world of web3, but there’s also plenty of promise — both of which we want to help our readers understand. TechCrunch is launching a new podcast called Chain Reaction, which will dive into the world of crypto, web3 and NFTs. Each week, TechCrunch Senior Editor Lucas Matney and Crypto Reporter Anita Ramaswamy will break down a handful of trending crypto topics (and why they matter) before sitting down for an interview with an industry expert, be they an investor, founder, personality or skeptic. Our goal is to learn alongside readers about a budding industry with potentially huge implications for the future of everything — from finance, to art, to the internet itself. Alongside the podcast, we’ll also be sending out a weekly Chain Reaction newsletter digging into the week’s web3 happenings with more granular detail, highlighting notable funding rounds, acquisitions, heists, personnel moves and spicy tweets. You can sign up for the newsletter here. Our first episode and newsletter will go live next month. Listen to the trailer below to get a taste of what’s in store, follow Chain Reaction on Twitter and subscribe now on your favorite podcast app. [Listen on Spotify] [Listen on Apple Podcasts]  Hello readers, and welcome back to Week in Review! Last week, I talked about the environmental impacts of crypto with Kimbal Musk, early Tesla investor and brother of Elon. This week, I’m talking a bit about myself, this newsletter and the future of the web. If someone forwarded you this… In "Business" This year, we’ve seen plenty of evidence that NFTs can shake up the economics of selling visual art, but there’s been less activity when it comes to web3 upending the economics of different verticals in the art world, including music. Sound.xyz is a new startup looking to help recording artists… In "Business" The crypto collective that bought Wu-Tang Clan’s ‘Once Upon a Time in Shaolin’ album and an NFT of the original Doge image has a new member: venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. The firm tells TechCrunch it has made an investment in PleasrDAO, a blockchain-aligned group of a few dozen crypto… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!