Vladimir Putin says Ukraine must give in to all Russian demands if it wants peace talks. The Russian president gave no indication he is ready to pull his troops back during a conversation with German chancellor Olaf Scholz. Two rounds of talks held in Belarus in recent days have failed to produce any significant breakthrough or ceasefire. Representatives of both governments agreed to make progress on opening humanitarian corridors but there was no sign of the violence being deescalated. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Mr Putin accused Ukraine of not taking a ‘reasonable and constructive’ approaching during negotiations as his bombardment of civilians intensified. He told the German leader by phone that he was open for dialogue with Ukraine – but only if it accepts the Kremlin’s wishes. Russia is demanding ‘Ukraine’s neutral and non-nuclear status with its compulsory demilitarization and denazification, recognition of Crimea as being Russia’s and of the sovereignty of the DPR and LPR [Donetsk and Luhansk people’s republics] within the administrative borders of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions’. The Russian president also said he wanted Mr Scholz to play a role in future talks and would continue communicating with Germany. Turkey’s foreign minister has offered to bring both parties together for an international diplomacy forum in the country next week. Speaking on Friday to reporters in Brussels where he attended a Nato meeting, Mevlut Cavusoglu said Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov has confirmed his attendance at the Antalya Diplomacy Forum to be held in the Mediterranean coastal city between March 11-13. Mr Cavusoglu said a meeting between Mr Lavrov and Ukraine’s Dmytro Kuleba could be possible. Turkey, which has close ties to both Ukraine and Russia, has been trying to balance its relations with both and has repeatedly offered to mediate between the two. Boris Johnson spoke to Recep Erdogan, his Turkish counterpart, on Friday afternoon. A Number 10 spokesperson said: ‘They agreed on the powerful message sent by the UN General Assembly earlier this week in opposition to the Russian invasion.’ Nato has once again rejected the Ukrainian’s government request for a no-fly zone to be imposed. Western countries fear taking control of Ukraine’s airspace would inevitably direct contact with Russian planes, potentially triggering a wider war. Secretary general Jens Stoltenberg said: ‘We understand the desperation, but we also believe that if we did that, we would end up with something that could end in a full-fledged war in Europe.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!