Bridgerton truly is a feast for the eyes. From the exquisite gowns the characters wear from their local dress shop Modiste to the jaw-dropping ballrooms where acts of courtship take place, there’s a lot to take in – especially if you (like us) watched the whole second series the day it came out. The programme, which is based on Julia Quinn’s Bridgerton book series, is based in London around the time of the Regency era, during the rule of King George III (James Fleet) and Queen Charlotte (Golda Rosheuvel). With the Netflix show returning for its second season, just where is it actually filmed? While the TV show provides a fascinating insight into what life in the English capital may have been like at that time (with the added orchestral accompaniment of Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift), filming actually took place in several locations around the country. For some of the houses of families featured in the cast, the exteriors were filmed in one area and the interiors elsewhere. Take, for example, the eponymous Bridgerton clan. While the exterior of their elegant home was filmed at Ranger’s House in Greenwich, some parts of the house’s interior was captured at Royal Air Force station RAF Halton in Buckinghamshire. RAF Halton is also reportedly where some of the interior of the Featherington house was filmed, which in the show is supposed to be situated directly opposite. As for the exterior of the Featherington home, this was filmed off The Circus in Bath, a city where a significant bulk of production on the series took place. Other scenes filmed in Bath include the party scenes, which were filmed at Bath’s Assembly Rooms. The Modiste dress shop scenes were also filmed in the city. The city also provided the perfect estate for the home of the formidable Lady Danbury (Adjoa Andoh), which some viewers may have been able to recognise as The Holburne Museum, an art gallery and Grade I listed building. One of the most important aspects of Bridgerton is the numerous balls the members of high society attend during the social season.  What time is Bridgerton released on Netflix?   Where was Netflix series Top Boy filmed?   Bridgerton season 1 recap: What happened at the end of the Netflix series?  While there are a variety of different ballrooms featured in the series, Leigh Court in Bristol was used as the setting for several of them, Radio Times reported. So many elements to bring the vision of Bridgerton together. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T3M7S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/09/14/55145755-0-image-a-4_1646837116147.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-09T14:47:22+0000","description":"Lady Whistledown returns March 25th.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/09/7539953698946698152/480x270_MP4_7539953698946698152.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Bridgerton season 2 is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : One-bedroom flat in Royal Crescent featured on Bridgerton is on sale for £1million MORE : Bridgerton season 2: Who is Polly Walker and what else has she been in? MORE : I thought rom-coms weren’t made for brown girls like me – Kate Sharma in Bridgerton has changed that Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below Bridgerton is back – with some new faces (Picture: Netflix) It’s been over a year since Netflix period drama Bridgerton came into our lives, with the period romance series smashing records for the streaming service when it was originally released at Christmas 2020. So understandably anticipation is high for the new… In "Metro" Fans may recognise Simone from another popular Netflix show (Picture: Reuters/Netflix) Now that season 2 of Bridgerton has landed, viewers can barely contain their excitement as they’re finally introduced to new additions to the cast, including Simone Ashley as Kate Sharma. In the new episodes of the Netflix series, Anthony… In "Metro" Bridgerton season 2 focuses on Anthony’s search for a wife (Picture: Netflix) Dearest reader, Bridgerton is officially back on our screens with the highly-anticipated season 2 dropping on Netflix. While series one viewers fell in love with Rege-Jean Page’s Duke of Hastings and Phoebe Dynevor’s Daphne Bridgerton, the new episodes… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!