The workshop which is organized quarterly is geared towards helping the partners to achieve set target on sales and aftersales services of its consumer products. The workshop is organized Samsung Nigeria on a quarterly basis to help partners achieve their goals such as sales and aftersales service delivery to customers in a seamless and orderly manner. This particular product and technical workshop was organized for Samsung’s range of Air Conditioners. According to Abiodun Ayobami Ajeigbe, Business Manager, Systems Air Conditioning, Samsung “All over the world it is important for Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) like Samsung to train their partners regularly in areas that pertains to their business and in areas that extends to customers”. In her own words, Oluwaremilekun Adesola-Ogunsan, Director, Consumer Electronics, Samsung Nigeria, “At Samsung, our distribution partners are key to our business survival all over the world. “As you may know, Samsung regularly improves on its product models which makes it pertinent for us to have sessions with our Partners to educate them on the changes we have made to our products in order for them to remain effective and efficient when dealing with customers’ aftersales queries, She said. According to Chika Nnadozie, Marketing Lead, Samsung Nigeria said, “We are very passionate about our partners because they interface with the final customers and it is essential we organize these sessions to know what their challenges are, how they are faring, give them insights into our innovations and generally build their capacity in order to be more effective and achieve their goals and objectives” she said. Speaking after the session, Managing Director, Pygar Group, Gagandeep Lakhanpal said “I always look forward to these sessions because I find them very supportive in fulfilling my mandate in my line of business. A lot is taught that helps us strategize appropriately the satisfy our customers and ultimately being able to remain in business”. Samsung Nigeria Consumer Electronics division is saddled with the responsibility of pioneering and creating world-class electronics such as Bespoke Refrigerators, QLED Televisions, Air Conditioners and Washing Machines in order to continuously redefine the living space of its consumers. The post Samsung Nigeria Organizes Product and Technical Workshop for Partners appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Samsung Electronics Nigeria has launched its 2021consumer products range aimed at offering consumers professional and domestic comfort. The products launched include Neo QLED 8k Television, Refrigerators, WindFree Air Conditioners and Grande Washing Machines. The launch is the company’s way of reminding customers of its place among the most pioneering creators… In "Business" Determined to offer professionals ease of multitasking at work, Samsung Electronics Nigeria, along with its counterparts worldwide, has introduced Samsung Galaxy Z Fold 3 and Z Flip 3 into the market. Both smartphones, which are the third in the series of its revolutionary foldable phones, have a versatile multi-window experience,… In "Business" Nigeria’s largest mobile network operator (MTN) is set to launch Rich Communication Services (RCS) Business Messaging (RBM) Services in partnership with Google and Dotgo, a Gupshup company and a leading cloud communications provider of RBM Solutions. RBM uses the rich and interactive features of Rich Communication Services (RCS), the next-generation… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!