Abi Webster (Sally Carman) is in for a huge surprise as Coronation Street commences its brand new ITV timeslot. What started off with a joyride, quickly unfolds into a ‘bundle of joy’, as she’s dumped at the side of the road in agonising labour. Life has never been smooth-sailing for Abi, but things were finally starting to look up after the tragic murder of her eldest son Seb. Marrying Kevin and trying to legally adopt Jack, it looked like Abi was getting her life back on track. “‘his is the brilliant thing about Abi; for all the life knocks, she’s such a fighter and because she’s got such a big heart, if there’s a grain of hope or crack of light, she will dive for it,’ says Sally Carman. Unfortunately, Abi just can’t seem to catch a break. Last week we saw the beginning of another epic downward spiral for everyone’s favourite mechanic, as her one-night stand was revealed and her family with Kevin and Jack was left in ruins. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T41S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/04/17/54958337-0-image-a-9_1646413647596.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-04T17:04:59+0000","description":"As Dean soothes Abi's back pain with a massage, they are shocked when Kevin enters - with his worst fears realised as he sees their intimacy and the empty vodka bottles.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/04/6086037053834771750/480x270_MP4_6086037053834771750.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Abi protected Imran’s identity, saying she cheated with Seb’s father, Tez, before heartbroken Kevin told her to pack her bags. Sally explains how Abi felt in the aftermath of the revelation and consequential break up: ‘It was like when you walk into a glass wall, for it come out in that way. Massive shock. Biggest punch in the face. ‘[Abi was] just climbing back onto two feet after losing Seb and then this all happens, and it’s too much for her. It’s not just a blow, it’s a smack in the face, back on the floor!’ With her life now seemingly pointless in her eyes, addict Abi relapses and is found cosied up on the sofa, with drug dealer Dean, when the Websters return from holiday. After being kicked out of the house, Dean steals a car from the garage and, despite jumping into the passenger seat, Abi is too slow to stop him. It’s on this frenzied joyride that Abi realises something is horribly wrong. But it’s clear that, like the rest of us, Sally has a soft spot for Abi. Really sympathising with the ‘life-changing devastations’ she’s had to face, the actress explained: ‘Abi’s default position is to self-destruct. It’s like self-harm. She self-harms emotionally all the time. ‘She doesn’t know what else to do so, she does what she does know, which is to just numb it all.’ Tonight’s episode opens with Abi, stranded on the side of the road, in excruciating pain. She didn’t realise what was happening, mistaking the pain for a backache or having slept funny. It’s only the contractions that bring reality into focus for Abi, as they’re something she’s very familiar with. Viewers, and Abi, quickly learn about her shocking pregnancy and realise the horror of the situation. Abandoned by Dean, Abi and the baby are in grave peril with no one around to help them. Still high from the drugs and in complete disbelief, things are looking very dire for Abi. Sally admits there’s an ‘element of denial’, right up until the last point of realisation. Following the pregnancy scare a few weeks ago, both Abi and Imran thought they were in the clear and had moved on with their respective lives. She’d even been getting her periods and hadn’t really gained any weight. Despite this, Abi is known for her ferocity and spirit, and that’s what kicks in as she battles to get some medical help on Monday night. ‘She’s got two choices and it doesn’t occur to her just to lay down and go “this is it.” She just instantly goes into “fight or flight”- and it’s fight. So, she’s like “I need to get to get to hospital, I can’t just sit here.”‘ The little boy is delivered prematurely, at around six months. Abi is terrified the police will be called so, gives a false name at the hospital before leaving without her newborn son. Clarifying Abi’s erratic actions, Sally assures: ‘She was just completely emotionally overloaded. “She’s full of shame and guilt and she’s massively in shock. ‘She doesn’t believe she can look after him properly. From her point of view, she’s already failed this baby and he’s just been born. She’s completely wrecked the start of his life. So, in her head, she’s got nothing to offer him.’ Sally, who has played Abi for almost five years, explains why the situation is so tragic and frustrating for the character and viewers alike: ‘Instinctively, [Abi’s] really nurturing. If she’d had a different upbringing, a different life experience, she would be an AMAZING mother… And she still could be’ Abi does later go back for her son, who she names Alfie, after Seb’s favourite teddy bear. But has the damage already been done? Could Abi handle the traumatic ordeal of losing another child? Coronation Street continues Monday March 7 at the new time of 8pm. MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Leanne goes behind Nick’s back to save Sam MORE : Coronation Street spoiler video: Abi dead in horror car crash? Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!