 An insight into precisely when the Newcastle United faithful are likely to see key duo Kieran Trippier and Callum Wilson back on the pitch in the club’s colours has been provided on Monday. Both Trippier and Wilson, of course, have spent recent weeks on the sidelines, owing to respective injury issues. January addition Trippier, on the back of a stellar start to life on Tyneside, has not featured for over a month now, after breaking a bone in his foot during a 1-0 win over Aston Villa in February. Ensuing speculation went as far as to suggest that the stopper could miss the remainder of the campaign as a result. Hitman Wilson, meanwhile, has not taken to the pitch since the turn of the year, after picking up a serious calf injury during a Premier League showdown with Manchester United.  NEWCASTLE UPON TYNE, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 27: Callum Wilson leaves the field after picking up an injury during the Premier League match between Newcastle United and Manchester United at St. James Park on December 27, 2021 in Newcastle upon Tyne, England. (Photo by Stu Forster/Getty Images) If the latest word stemming from the media on Monday evening is anything to go by, though, then Newcastle’s end of season run-in looks set to be aided by the imminent return of both players. As per a report from The Telegraph, Trippier and Wilson have set their sights on featuring in at least some capacity in the Magpies’ meeting with Crystal Palace on April 20th. This should, in theory, mean that both will be forced to sit out just three more fixtures over the coming weeks. Trippier and Wilson both expected to return for #nufc before the end of April. Full details here https://t.co/tYtipIrAQj — Luke Edwards (@LukeEdwardsTele) March 21, 2022  News of imminent reinforcement to his personnel ranks will of course come as music to the ears of Newcastle boss Eddie Howe. This comes with the Geordie outfit having seen a remarkable spell of six wins and a draw from seven Premier League outings since late January brought to an unceremonious end over the last couple of weeks. After first being put to the sword in controversial fashion by European champions Chelsea, Howe and co. then slipped to a 2nd successive defeat last time out, when Alex Iwobi found an Everton winner at Goodison Park with a full 99 minutes on the clock. WOW! Goodison Park has gone wild! ⚽️ Alex Iwobi links with Dominic Calvert-Lewin to open the scoring with minutes remaining #EVENEW #PLonPrime pic.twitter.com/ZnOGcHDcuo — Amazon Prime Video Sport (@primevideosport) March 17, 2022    Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!