 State prosecutors said they were seeking the additional jail time for fraud and contempt of court, and also asked the court to impose a 1.2 million ruble — around €10,000 — fine on Navalny, who has been a long-time outspoken opponent of Russian President Vladimir Putin. “The request is awful but predictable,” said Pavel Chikov, a senior lawyer and head of human rights body Agora, which has represented hundreds of Navalny supporters, but admitted “so far, it’s [just] the prosecutor asking, not the court’s decision.” Navalny was arrested on his arrival back to Russia in January 2021 after being treated in Germany following a suspected Kremlin-sanctioned poisoning. Russian authorities then slapped Navalny with a two-and-a-half-year prison sentence for what it said were parole violations. Speaking to the makeshift court in the jail where Navalny is held, located around 100 kilometers east of Moscow, state prosecutor Nadezhda Tikhonova accused the 45-year-old of embezzling funds “from an indefinite circle of people” and insulting the court officials during his trial in February last year. She claimed Navalny’s Anti-Corruption Foundation had defrauded Russians donating to the organization by allegedly funneling money to fund his own presidential nomination despite being barred from running due to a previous criminal conviction. According to Navalny’s press secretary Kira Yarmysh, the state prosecutor also demanded that Navalny be put in a maximum security facility — where Russian prisoners often share cells with up to 50 others and have less than 2 square meters of space to themselves. “Alexei Navalny’s sentence has long been known: life imprisonment,” said Navalny’s chief of staff Leonid Volkov, reacting to the judgement on his Telegram channel. “Until the end of the life of one of two people — Navalny himself or that of Vladimir Putin.” “Navalny will not sit in prison for 13 years — Putin will die much earlier,” he added. In January, Russia added Navalny and several of his top aides to the country’s “terrorists and extremists” register. A Russian court on Friday sentenced in absentia the brother of imprisoned Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny, Oleg, to one year in prison for violating the terms of a suspended sentence. The post Russian court orders Navalny brother jailed in absentia appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria News - Nigeria and… In "Breaking News" This combination of pictures created on October 1, 2020 shows Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny (L, on January 16, 2018 in Moscow) and Russian President Vladimir Putin (on July 4, 2019 in Rome). Tiziana FABI, Mladen ANTONOV / AFP     President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday that jailed Kremlin critic… In "Slider 1" Russian prosecutors have sought to extend opposition leader Alexei Navalny’s prison sentence by a further 13 years, state media reported on Tuesday. In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!