It’s the start of a brand new week, so what lies ahead? There’s a dynamic energy today, but be careful, as the cosmos seems a little unsettled. Your day might not go as expected, Sagittarius, but this might lead to a new discovery. See an opportunity, Gemini? This is your moment to go for it. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 7, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 The Taurus Moon aligns with restless Uranus in your money zone, which might inspire you to make an impulsive purchase. Perhaps a friend has been showing off their latest buy and now you want one. Still, if you don’t really need it, you could use this money for something with much greater value. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 As Venus and dynamic Mars continue their walk together, you may be very aware of someone who could help you with a goal or ambition. And while you might be hesitant to link up with them, today’s lively Moon-Uranus tie can see your inhibitions falling away. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The lingering Sun-Jupiter aspect is still working on your behalf and delivering benefits. Be alert today as an insightful lunar tie could give you an intuitive nudge that is worth taking note of. If you feel you should send your CV out or showcase more of your work, then go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A friend’s suggestion could fire you up. If you have the opportunity to run with this, it might lead to an engaging new interest. Still have your eye on a course or class that may make a difference to your life? It’s worth exploring as it could give you an advantage over others. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 With lovely Venus and dynamic Mars holding hands in your sector of relating, there may be more to a friendship than meets the eye. This aspect suggests that you might be deeply attracted to each other, and keen to take things further. There are hints of a positive development. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may be in the right place at the right time to take advantage of information. This might be unexpected and likely won’t be around for long so if it appeals, take advantage of it. At the same time, the line-up between the Sun and Jupiter suggests others could go out of their way for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The forces of desire and attraction are still working their magic in your sector of leisure and pleasure. Is there something you want? If the need is strong, you’ll set forces in motion if you take the first steps towards making it happen. This is also a very creative and inventive time for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Someone may have a surprise for you. With the Moon aligning with unpredictable Uranus, they might do or say something you really didn’t expect. Whatever it is, it could shake you out of any complacency and make the day a little more special and exciting. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 There could be some disruption to your routine that makes the day more interesting. Perhaps a gadget stops working or some other event prevents you from doing what you intended. If it gives you some unexpected free time, let your curiosity be your guide. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As Venus and Mars move along in sync in your financial zone, you may realise how much there is to be gained from making a clever investment. If you go ahead, you might be happy with your decision. Feel like letting off steam? Try something different on the off chance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 An unexpected visitor could show up and their company can be very welcome, helping to liven up the day. If you’re out shopping you might spot the very thing needed to make life easier around the house. If you’ve been searching for ages, you’ll feel you’ve struck gold. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 A bright idea could save the day and give you a winning hand when dealing with a tricky issue. It may come as a flash of inspiration or an intuitive nudge. Don’t delay putting it into action as it can save you hours of hassle. Need some self-care? The cosmos encourages you to be kind to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!