Kai Havertz says he would be happy to pick up his own bill for travel to away games, with Chelsea currently restricted to spending £20,000 on getting to each match. The cap on spending is part of the sanctions placed on the club by the UK government, punishing the ‘Kremlin-linked’ owner Roman Abramovich, who is now looking to sell. Before he does, though, spending needs to be kept in check and Havertz says he would be fine with paying for his travel, however the squad have to get to their games. The German says there are much more important things going on in the world than to worry about how the Blues are getting to their games and who will pay for it. ‘I would pay, it’s no problem,’ Havertz told a press conference on Tuesday. ‘That’s not a big deal for us, I think for us to come to the games is the most important thing.  Arsene Wenger admits he made a ‘mistake’ by selling Arsenal star   Pep Guardiola blames the grass after Man City’s draw with Crystal Palace   Roman Abramovich barely recognisable as he’s spotted waiting for private jet  ‘I think there are a lot of harder things in the world right now than if we have to take the bus or the plane to an away game. ‘I would pay it, it’s no problem.’ It is an unusual time for the Chelsea players, now routinely asked about these unprecedented issues, how they are dealing with the uncertainty around the club and with the backdrop of war in Europe affecting everyone/ However, the in-form Havertz says he is remembering the positives that he can still continue to play football in an immensely privileged position. ‘For me, for the other players, for the manager, it’s hard to say for us,’ said the German forward. ‘I think the manager said this as well. We sit here in Cobham, play football, do what we love and there are bigger things happening right now than us playing football. ‘You see these images and think that it is not possible that things like this can happen. ‘We play in a full stadium, enjoy some moments, so for me it’s tough to speak about because I’m not a politician, I don’t know everything about it. ‘Of course I know it’s the worst thing that can happen on the planet right now and we all stand for peace.’ MORE : Chelsea ask for Middlesbrough FA Cup tie to be played behind closed doors over ban on selling tickets to fans MORE : Thomas Tuchel hits out at Boris Johnson’s spokesperson for telling Chelsea fans to stop ‘inappropriate’ Roman Abramovich chants For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Chelsea midfielder Kai Havertz says that he is not looking forward to lining up against team-mate N’Golo Kante for Germany next week. The 2014 World Cup winners face the 2018 victors France in their Euro 2020 Group F opener next Tuesday. The group is arguably the toughest to call, with… In "Sports" Havertz’s mixed Chelsea stintChelsea’s marquee signing of the delayed summer transfer window last year came in the form of Kai Havertz. The then-20-year-old had been a rising star in the Bundesliga for several years, and looked primed to grow into one of Europe’s elite attackers. So, it wasn’t too surprising… In "Sports" Cesc Fabregas insists Timo Werner and Kai Havertz are ready to show their best for Chelsea next season after mixed debut campaigns in the Premier League. The Blues shelled out a club-record fee to sign Havertz from Bayer Leverkusen in an initial £70m fee. His Germany team-mate Werner arrived earlier… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!