Apple TV+ has beat out Netflix to become the first streaming service to win Best Picture at the Academy Awards, with “Coda’s” triumph. “CODA” actor Troy Kotsur also won the best supporting actor trophy, marking the first time a Deaf male actor, and the second Deaf actor after “CODA” co-star Marlee Matlin won in 1986 for “Children of a Lesser God.” Writer and director Sian Heder won for Best Adapted Screeplay. “CODA’s” three Oscars are the first for Apple TV+, which launched at the end of 2019. According to a Wall Street Journal report, Apple spent an estimated $10 million on its Oscar campaign for “CODA,” which follows the story of Ruby (Emilia Jones), a Child of Deaf Adults (which the movie’s title is taken from), who plans to join her family’s fishing business, but is drawn toward a music career. Apple paid $25 million for distribution rights to CODA, which is currently streaming on Apple TV+ and was also in theaters for a limited run. Other contenders in the category included Netflix’s “The Power of the Dog.” Netflix has had several Best Picture nominees in previous years, including Martin Scorsese’s “The Irishman” and Alfonso Cuarón’s “Roma.” While Netflix has failed to pick up the top Oscar award so far, it has received 116 nominations in total and won 15 other categories, including Best Director (Cuarón for “Roma and Jane Campion for “The Power of the Dog,” Best Supporting Actress (Laura Dern in “Marriage Story”), Best Foreign Language Film (“Roma”) and Best Animated Short Film (“If Anything Happens I Love You”). How to execute an amplified marketing strategy  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video After starting out as a small film on Apple TV+, CODA is now an Oscar favourite and could very well pick up the best picture award this year. Following Ruby (Emilia Jones),… In "Metro" CODA has won best picture at the 2022 Oscars (Picture: AP) CODA has won the best picture award at the Oscars, in a rollercoaster ceremony. The film beat out stiff competition from The Power of the Dog, King Richard, Nightmare Alley, Belfast, Dune, Licorice Pizza, Drive My Car, Don’t Look… In "Metro" The big finale! CODA took home the award for Best Picture at the 2022 Oscars on Sunday, March 27. See What the Stars Wore to the Oscars Red Carpet Read article The movie, distributed by Apple TV+, is the first film released by a streaming service to take home the… In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!