 The official partnership signing ceremony was attended by member of the SAFCSP Board of Directors and General Supervisor of Cybersecurity Eng. Mohammed Alshamrani, Mr. Hamad Alaqeel, Spire’s Founder and President Mr. Sanjeev Walia, Chief Revenue Officer Mr. Mohieddin Kharnoub, Chief Growth Officer Mr. Naveen Bharadwaj, and some other employees from both the organizations. This strategic partnership aims to support and nurture Saudi youth throughout the year by: Speaking about the partnership, Alshamrani said “One of the fundamental enablers of our goals at SAFCSP is partnerships with the industry as it’s crucial to bridge our youth with the industry frequently to learn latest trends and techniques needed to pursue a career in the technology and cybersecurity space. “We are happy to partner with a regional leader like Spire Solutions to support various initiatives that we have created keeping in line with our youth vision,” he said. Congratulating the Kingdom for its tremendous progress with digital transformation in line with Saudi Vision 2030, Walia said “Statistics show that almost 70% of the Saudi population is under the age of 35 – that’s a huge, motivated, and tech-savvy talent pool. “We are honored to collaborate with SAFCSP and are committed to doing our part in enhancing the knowledge and skills of young professionals in areas such as Cybersecurity, Data, AI, ML, and more. We consider it a privilege to be able to contribute to the Kingdom’s goals of being a secure digital-driven economy and aim to provide these young professionals a platform for exposure to the real-world experience,” Walia added. The post SAFCSP, Spire Solutions Seal Strategic Partnership for Capacity Building in Saudi Arabia appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Digital Footprints Nig. Ltd, an indigenous cybersecurity and digital forensics company, and the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (CIFIPN) have resolved to partner to promote the practice of forensics in the country with a view to addressing cybersecurity issues and wage war against corruption. The resolution… In "Business" The Executive Vice Chairman, EVC, and Chief Executive Officer, CEO, of the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, Prof. Umar Danbatta, has noted that the growth of digital economies is changing how “trust” is valued by institutions, businesses, and the public. Prof. Umar Danbatta stated this during the 2021 Annual Cybersecurity Conference,… In "Slider 1" PECB University has signed a new Academic partnership agreement with Digital Encode Limited, to commit its knowledge, resources, and efforts to provide top-class education to students in Nigeria. PECB University is an independent institution of higher education focused on business education, which is inspired by the tenets of professionalism of… In "Tech News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!