 Morten Fillipsen made the girls faint when he joined MGP 20 years ago.  Now he is back on the Grand Prix stage.  But sorry, ladies.  He is set aside Morten Fillipsen is back in the Grand Prix, 20 years after he made his debut as a young boy in the children’s version of the pop competition.  When he stood there as a 15-year-old with his guitar, the girls were in no doubt.  Morten Fillipsen, who 20 years ago sang ‘Du’ ikk ‘like the other pi’r’ in the children’s MGP, was too delicious.  The girls flocked to him in malls when he played, and everywhere else they could get to it.  So wild were the girls with Morten Fillipsen.  Photo: Thomas Borberg Tonight, 35-year-old Fillipsen is back on the stage where his fame started and it all exploded, namely on the Grand Prix stage.  He performs the song ‘Happy Go Lucky’, which he has written himself.  Despite the English-sounding title, the song is in Danish .. Morten Fillipsen as a youth idol.  Photo: Thomas Wilmann And girls who have probably become ladies over the past 20 years, you can take it easy.  Morten Fillipsen has found the woman in his life – her who is not like the other girls!  Who she is, he wants to keep to himself.  However, Morten Fillipsen would like to say that it is she with whom the future must be spent.  – I’m actually getting married.  It’s pretty insane.  So I found the girl, he says with a smile.  Morten Fillipsen says that he has been with his future wife for three years.  They are to get married this summer and the wedding will be held in Sweden, where the couple has stayed a lot during the corona shutdown.  Morten Fillipsen is not predicted by the bookmakers to have the best chance in the Grand Prix.  PR photo Since the MGP days, Morten Fillipsen has never released music.  He has the solo project In Memoirs, and has toured with Carpark North.  He is also part of the band The Grenadines – a band of which last year’s Danish Grand Prix winner, Laurits Emanuel, was also a part.  – Did you get any advice from Laurits up to the Gradn Prix?  – Nothing but that I should enjoy it and then fire it off.  Three minutes is a very, very short time, so it’s just a matter of giving it the whole arm, says Morten Fillipsen and says that he is much more nervous about the Grand Prix than he was when he competed in the MGP as a young boy. .  Laurits Emanuel and Jesper Groth won last year’s Grand Prix as Lighthouse and Flame.  Photo: Ritzau Scanpix – This time I have a lot more nerves because I have grown a little.  You find out it’s a competition and you want to win.  When you were a kid, it was just a cool experience, he says.  The Danish Melody Grand Prix will be broadcast tonight from 8 pm on DR.  At Ekstra Bladet we naturally cover the show live.  Patrick Dorgan with the song ‘Vinden suser ind’Patrick Dorgan made his debut on the Danish music scene just over six years ago – now it’s the grand prix scene. Lyrics and music: Patrick Dorgan, Ole Bjørn Sørensen, Jeppe Kronback and Daniel Scheffmann.  PR photo Conf3ssions with the song ‘Halleluja’Gruppen consists of the sibling couple Tobias Callesen and Sara Callesen and self-proclaimed bonus seeker Laura Lindell. Text and music: Moh Denebi, Rachel Furner, Jon Nørgaard, Patrick Dalton and Nikolaj Pellegrini.  PR photo There was once with the song ‘A beautiful day’ The group consists of Emma Pi, who won the children’s MGP back in 2014, and her father, Rasmus Hedeboe. Text and music: Emma Pi Hedeboe, Rasmus Hedeboe and Claus Reenberg.  PR photo Full Effect with the song ‘Rave with the tough boys’ The group consists of friends Zacdaddy, Beefsupreme, Spytclaus and DJ Speakr. Text and music: Alexander Scott Dyrbye, Zachary Rune Dyrbye, Claus Valdorff Thomsen and Kasper Bruhn Nielsen.  PR photo Josie Elinor & Jack Warren with the song ‘Let Me Go’Josie Elinor is a biology student and Jack Warren is a trained carpenter.  Now they sing together. Text and music: Mikkel Sørensen, Katrine Brixen, Benjamin Rosenbohm and Julie Aagaard.  PR photo Morten Fillipsen with the song ‘Happy Go Lucky’Morten Fillipsen performed at the children’s MGP 20 years ago. Text and music: Morten Fillipsen.  PR photo REDDI with the song ‘The Show’ The group consists of the four powergirls Ihan Haydar on drums, Ida Bergkvist on bass, Agnes Roslund on guitar and Siggy Savery on guitar and vocals. Lyrics and music: Siggy Savery, Chief1, Ihan Haydar, Remee Jackman and Julia Fabrin.  PR photo Juncker with the song ‘Come to stay’ Juncker has more than 26 years of musical experience and has hits like ‘Mogens and Karen’ and ‘Havana’ in his luggage. Lyrics and music: Christian Juncker.  Pr-photo Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!