 “The goal of the enemy is to sow panic and horror, but Kharkiv stands and will stand,” city mayor Igor Terekhov told TV channel Ukraina 24 in an interview. He said the city was partly surrounded. The situation was difficult “but we are definitely not surrounded,” Terekhov added. Regional administrative chief Oleg Sinegubov said earlier in a Facebook post that 21 people had been killed and 112 injured by Russian bombardment on Kharkiv over the last 24 hours. Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city, lies close to the Russian border and has come under heavy and sustained attack, with civilian areas targeted and a cruise missile hitting the regional government headquarters on Tuesday. On Wednesday, a Russian rocket struck a faculty building of the city’s university near to police headquarters, according to eyewitness videos that showed the upper stories of the building gutted and on fire. Terekhov said there had been heavy shelling of civilian areas and critical infrastructure overnight. Still, local utilities were working and food was being distributed to the population, he said. According to local reports, an operation was underway to evacuate foreign students studying in Kharkiv. More than 70 Ukrainian soldiers have been killed in the eastern city of Okhtyrka after a Russian missile strike on a military base, in what is thought to be the biggest loss of life in a single incident in Moscow’s invasion, the UK Guardian reports. The death toll – reported… In "Slider 2" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy appointed a military commander on Tuesday to lead the defense of Kyiv, as Russian-led armored columns advanced on the capital. “The defense of our capital is now our most important priority,” Zelenskyy said in a video address posted on his Telegram channel. The defense of Kyiv… In "Politics" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video The Ukrainian government has accused Russia of perpetrating a ‘genocide’ after reporting a hospital had been damaged in a missile strike. At least two died when a residential area in the city… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!