Maureen Lipman has given a stern message to the producers of Celebrity Gogglebox after quitting the show in 2021. The actress, 75, became a favourite with fans, sitting on the couch alongside Gyles Brandeth, 74, after replacing Dame Shelia Hancock, 89. However, when producers kept cutting all of her best gags, she decided to walk away for good. And after her latest swipe at the show, it’s unlikely she’ll be coming back. ‘It is [over] from my point of view,’ she told Radio Times. ‘I’m sure they’ll put someone else with Gyles. ‘I went into Gogglebox imagining that they wanted me for my wit and my brain. Of course, they just want to show you willies and for you to be shocked. ‘Honestly, we were really funny together, but none of that was used. And if they don’t want to use what we gave them, f*** them.’ Maureen previously confirmed it was having to sit through a episode of Naked Attraction that was the final straw. ‘They’re not really interested in our opinions on what they’re giving us,’ she said. ‘I’d seen Gogglebox and I thought, “Oh, [ours] is the grown-up version, is it?” ‘But it’s your reaction to 12 dangling willies they want. They’re searching for ways to make me go: “Urgh!”.’ Celebrity Gogglebox will include several cast changes when it returns, after Denise Van Outen’s fiancé Eddie Boxhall was dumped from the programme after their split. Celebrity Gogglebox returns to Channel 4 later this year. Read Maureen’s full interview in this week’s Radio Times. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. He’s finally on tour after it was postponed three times by Covid (Picture: Rex) Broadcaster and Gogglebox star Gyles Brandreth, 73, on his new tour, a terrible joke about Hamlet and his wife not getting a word in. How are you getting around Britain on your new tour? I’m doing… In "Metro" Denise is ‘saddened’ that their relationship has come to an end (Picture: David Fisher/REX/Shutterstock) Denise Van Outen has split from her fiancé Eddie Boxshall following seven years together. The singer and actress, 47, confirmed the news in a sombre Instagram post, revealing it was a ‘difficult decision’ to call time… In "Metro" Ellie and Izzi Warner have been on the show since 2015 (Picture: Channel 4) Tonight, TV viewers will tune into Gogglebox to watch some of their favourite stars react to shows including Crufts, medical drama This Is Going To Hurt and coverage of the Russia-Ukraine war on BBC News. However,… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!