Looking for a fun new workout challenge to mix up your fitness this weekend? Why not try the 100-10 workout – where you count down from 100, doing ten less exercises each time? Between each move there is a plank exercise to complete – which brings the focus to your core strength and stability – as well as pushing your anaerobic fitness with high-octane moves in-between. Designed by Anthony Mayatt, personal trainer and owner of Breathe Fitness, the benefits of this kind of workout are numerous. The moves engage different muscle groups so you’re working the entire body, and the short, sharp nature of the routine means your heart rate will elevate into the fat-burning zone. It’s also easy to do in the gym, in the park, or at home in your living room. You don’t need any weights or specialist equipment, so what are you waiting for? ‘This is a full body, bodyweight workout with emphasis on the plank between each movement,’ says Anthony. ‘We start with 100 and work our way down to 10 to complete the workout.’ 100 star jumps90-second plank80 mountain climbers70-second plank60 squats50-second plank40 push-ups30-second plank20 jumping lunges10-second plank Stand upright and jump bringing your legs wide at the same time you raise your arms up creating a star shape. Stay light on your feet continuing the movement. Lie flat on the ground. To start, lift your body off the ground holding a straight line from head to ankles. Forearms on the floor for an easier plank or hands directly below shoulders for harder. Keep glutes squeezed tight and heels pushed away from you throughout. Start in a push up position with hands below the shoulders and legs out behind you. Drive your knee towards your elbow and as the leg returns to the starting position, swap legs and do the same with the opposite. Stand with your feet roughly hip width and drop your hips back and down as if sitting in a chair. Squeeze your glutes and push back to the starting position using your heels. Hands on the floor directly below your shoulders and feet stretched out behind you. Lower your chest and hips towards the floor, pause then press back to the start position. You can also do the same dropping the knees to the floor to make the movement easier Stand upright and take a large step backwards with one foot. Lower the back knee towards the floor then with the front leg drive upwards into a jump. Swap legs mid jump and land back in the lunge and continue.  The benefits of sleeping on your side   What are the symptoms of the new Omicron sub-variant?   Fears deadly pandemic-causing pathogens could be released by Russia bombing  ‘If you are feeling brave, you can complete the workout, rest then repeat it in reverse order,’ says Anthony. ‘If you suffer any injury or issue that prevents jumping then replace jumping lunges with regular ones and star jumps with step out ones.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why barre is such an effective workout – plus beginner moves to try MORE : The 20-minute workout: Beginners full-body TRX workout MORE : The 20-minute workout: Five intense lower-body moves Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!