The Queen is searching for a painter and decorator to add some ‘decorative finishes’ to Buckingham Palace. A maximum salary of £30,000 is waiting for the successful candidate, who has until April 3 to apply for the 40-hour-a-week job. It appears to be part of a £369 million taxpayer-funded renovation of the palace, due to be completed in 2027. The makeover has been criticised by some members of the public, with more than 150,000 people signing a petition calling for the royal family to pay for it themselves. The palace has not been decorated since 1952, when the Queen ascended to the throne. And despite improvements being made to the 775-room building, the monarch is set to make Windsor Castle her permanent home and will never fully return to London. Meanwhile, it is understood Prince Charles will live in the palace when he is made King, according to the Daily Mail. The job advert for the decorator, posted on the Royal Household’s website, reads: ‘It’s adding the decorative finishes, for people to appreciate for years to come. It’s feeling inspired to deliver to the very highest standards, and it’s the pride in joining a team at the heart of a world-famous institution. ‘This is what makes working for the Royal Household exceptional. ‘Joining a small team that provide both internal and external redecoration services across various Royal residences, you’ll make sure that all decorative works are completed to the highest level of finish. ‘Covering a number of buildings across the London Estates, you’ll carry out inspections and identify rooms that need your attention, before making sure they are expertly renewed and fit for purpose.’ The posting goes on to add the employee will ‘regularly work’ on sign-writing, specialist wall coverings and use specialist paint finishes such as marbling and gilding. ‘In all that you do, you’ll aim for the highest standards. After all, the results of your hard work will be seen by thousands,’ it concludes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!