The award was presented to SAHCO by ATQnews during their 2022 Travelers Awards which was held in Abuja, Nigeria’s Capital. ATQnews Annual Awards was premiered in 1996 to recognize best performers in Aviation Industry. The Awards was set up to recognize individuals and firms who have excelled in Aviation, Travel and Tourism amongst others. Speaking during the Award ceremony, the Publisher, Ikechi Uko commended SAHCO’s doggedness and quality services in the aviation sector, according to him “The nomination was done by stakeholders in the industry based on SAHCO’s contributions to the growth of Aviation and Travel in Nigeria. The Award was due to SAHCO’s Consistent performance in Travel Business in 2021” In his remarks, Basil Agboarumi, Managing Director/CEO, SAHCO Plc who received the award thanked ATQnews for finding the SAHCO worthy of the award. He dedicated the award to God, then to all staff and management of SAHCO PLC for working hard to ensure safe, speedy and Efficient Aviation Ground Handling Services to clients. SAHCO is the only Ground Handling company in Nigeria to procure Mobile Cool Dollies. These have the capacity to transport temperature sensitive products like pharmaceuticals and other perishables from the aircraft to the warehouse in the same right temperature. Also, SAHCO’s operations are done by advanced Ground Support Equipment (GSE) that can match the best Ground Handling Companies over the world. Due to constant training and retraining in accordance to best world practices, SAHCO has one of the best team that have the capacity to consistently offer best Ground Handling Services to her numerous clients in all the commercially operated airports in Nigeria. At the event, some of SAHCO client airlines won numerous awards, these awardees were from both domestic and international origin, amongst whom are Ibom Air from Domestic airlines category and African World Airlines from the international airlines category. SAHCO is involved in activities that includes Passenger Handling, Ramp Handling, Cargo Handling and Warehousing, Aviation Security, VIP Lounge services amongst other aviation related services. SAHCO is a Publicly Listed Aviation Ground Handling Service provider that is present in all the commercially operated Airports in Nigeria which are Lagos, Abuja, Kano, Port Harcourt, Owerri, Calabar, Ilorin, Enugu, Maiduguri, Gombe, Akure, Ibadan, Jos, Asaba, Benin, Bauchi, Uyo, Sokoto, Kaduna and Yola, Bayelsa, Warri, Anambra. The post Why We Named SAHCO As Aviation Company of the Year 2021 – Ikechi Uko appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Skyway Aviation Handling Company Plc (SAHCO) has won Aviation Ground Handling Company of the year award 2021. This award was presented to SAHCO by Air Transport Quarterly Magazine in recognition of SAHCO’s consistent quality service deliveries to her numerous clients. Speaking during the award presentation, Supo Atobatele, editor in Chief… In "Tech News" Demand for staple foods such as yams, palm oil, vegetables, garri (cassava flour), dried fish, local food seasonings (iru/ogiri), among other items, in Europe, America and other parts of the world has seen exports by air rise 53 percent in the last 10 months. Before now, Nigerians in the diaspora… In "Business" The Bleisure event, organised by Abuja Jabamah, will be supported by the best chefs from NIHOTOUR. Turaki Nura Kangiwa, director-general of NIHOTOUR, said this in his office in Abuja when he received the organiser of Jabamah, Ikechi Uko. Turaki Kangiwa said that the coming together of Abuja Jabamah Wonders of… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!