A new picture shows the Queen holding virtual audiences as she recovers from Covid. Her Majesty felt well enough to speak to foreign diplomats after postponing a number of similar engagements last week. There were concerns for the 95-year-old monarch after she tested positive on February 20. Buckingham Palace said at the time she was experiencing ‘mild cold-like symptoms’. On Tuesday she received His Excellency Mr Carles Jordana Madero, who presented the Letters of Recall of his predecessor and his own Letters of Credence as ambassador from the Principality of Andorra to the Court of St James’s. She also received His Excellency Mr Kedella Younous Hamidi, who presented his Letters of Credence as ambassador from the Republic of Chad to the Court of St James’s. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Lorraine Kelly weighed in during a discussion with royal commentator Rupert Myers as they chatted about the latest royal family amid the Queen’s illness with Covid.  The Queen, 95, is currently continuing… In "Metro" The Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to Republic of Poland, His Excellency, Major General Christian O. Ugwu (Rtd), has presented his Letters of Credence to the President of the Republic of Poland, Andrzej Duda amidst a special ceremony at the Presidential Palace in Warsaw, on… In "Breaking News" There were concerns for the 95-year-old monarch when her diagnosis was revealed on Sunday (Picture: Sean Gallup/Getty Images) The Queen has held her weekly audience with Boris Johnson after being too sick with Covid to carry out virtual duties yesterday. Buckingham Palace revealed the monarch had spoken with the prime… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!