President Joe Biden said Thursday that NATO would respond if Russian President Vladimir Putin used weapons on mass destruction in his unprovoked attack on Ukraine. ‘We would respond if he uses it,’ Biden said, referring to Putin. ‘The nature of our response would depend on the nature of use.’ Biden spoke to reporters following a meeting with his North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) colleagues in Brussels on Thursday. The President was initially asked if the US had military intelligence to suggest that Russia would use chemical weapons in Ukraine, to which Biden said he could not discuss military intelligence. Biden spoke to reporters after a marathon of summit meetings with the European Union, G-7 partners and NATO allies in Brussels on Thursday. On Friday, he will travel to Poland. The US and allies were able to accomplish all three of Biden’s major goals in Brussels. ‘First, to support Ukraine with military and humanitarian assistance. Second was to impose the most significant most significant economic sanctions regime ever, in order to cripple Putin’s economy and punish him for his actions. Third, was to fortify the eastern flank of our NATO allies who were obviously very, very concerned and somewhat worried what would happen,’ said Biden. The President also said that Russian President Vladimir Putin underestimated the western alliance. According to Biden, Putin ‘was banking on NATO being split, he did not think we could sustain this cohesion. NATO has never, never been more united than we are today,’ he said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. President Joe Biden heads departed Washington, DC, on Thursday morning to meet with European partners in Brussels and Poland (Pictures: Rex) President Joe Biden departed the White House on Wednesday morning for talks with Nato and European leaders in Brussels, and plans to issue more sanctions on Russia for its… In "Metro" This combination of pictures created on June 07, 2021 shows Russia’s President Vladimir Putin speaking with US NBC news network anchor Megyn Kelly at the Kremlin on March 1, 2018 in Moscow and US President Joe Biden delivering remarks on his plan to administer Covid-19 vaccines at The Queen theater… In "Breaking News" NATO has deployed parts of its response force to its eastern flank, as Russia’s invasion of Ukraine extends Moscow’s military power to the borders of several of the alliance’s member states. It is the first time the treaty’s response force has been used for collective security, NATO Secretary General Jens… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!