Following his bold introduction in the latest Suicide Squad flick, John Cena’s Christopher Smith embarked on a personal mission in Peacemaker. Fans marvelled over the first chapter, and many are asking who will be joining the wrestler in the second instalment. Season one – which launched in September 2021 – broke HBO records as it was hailed ‘as the most successful series ever. Executive producer James Gunn and the former rapper confirmed to Variety last month that season two is in the works. While we’re still waiting for an official release date, let’s see who’ll be joining John in the dark comedy. Here’s everything you need to know. John takes the lead in Peacemaker, so we know for sure that he’ll be making a return. Speaking about what makes his character great, he said: ‘I think Peacemaker is interesting because audiences have a very different view on that. And that’s okay. The WWE star – who is the inspiration behind the iconic you can’t see me meme-  showed off his costume to host Jimmy Fallon last year. ‘This is the first actual interview that Peacemaker has ever done, and I wanted to bestow it upon you. It’s a really special occasion, so thanks for having me man!’ he said. John joked that he was doing the interview at Peacemaker’s house as he described his character, ‘a douchey, bro-ey Captain America!’ Danielle Brooks was one of the breakthrough stars of Netflix’s Orange Is The New Black. She stars as Leota Adebayo in the superhero series – although her character did not appear in The Suicide Squad film. Leota is a smart and driven member of Task Force X, despite her tumultuous friendship with Peacemaker, but later turned into a better person because of her. Freddie Stroma plays Adrian Chase in the HBO Max show, and unlike Leota, his same character was in the DC film. The 35-year-old actor who starred as Cormac McLaggen in the Harry Potter films wasn’t meant to be part of the superhero line-up according to showrunner James Gunn. ‘We had already shot five and a half episodes with another actor, who’s an incredibly talented guy,’ James said. ‘But we were on different pages about certain things, and I don’t think he wanted to continue on the series in the long run. So we brought Freddie in, five and a half episodes in, and I reshot all of his scenes.’ Definitely made the right decision. Jennifer Holland aka will also return as Emilia Harcourt in the TV spinoff. The 35-year-old actress – who is engaged to creator James – revealed that the fight scenes were a little challenging in season one. ‘They required so much intense rehearsal,’ she told TVLine. ‘And you get a little taste of what that sort of stuff does to these stunt actors’ bodies’  John Cena slammed for ‘using Ukraine invasion’ to promote Peacemaker in ‘tone deaf’ tweet  As for the rest of the cast, it is thought that Steve Agee (John Economos), Robert Patrick (Auggie Smith), and Chukwudi Iwuji (Clemson Murn) will return too. Peacemaker is available to stream on Sky and NOW TV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Top Boy season 2: Who killed Ats and why was he murdered? MORE : Bridgerton star teases significant season 2 ‘turning point’ for Jonathan Bailey’s Anthony in emotion-driven family moment Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!