Gemma Collins will reportedly take centre stage in Chicago: The Musical, taking over as Sinitta’s replacement. The Only Way Is Essex star, aka The GC, has conquered the TV world, but according to The Sun, the star is ready to challenge herself with something new. While nothing’s been confirmed yet, sources say that Gemma, 41, will be meeting with bosses to ‘iron’ out any issues. ‘Gemma is the ultimate TV diva. So who better to play Mama Morton — the Chicago prison mistress who rules the roost?’ the theatre insider told the publication. The source also claimed that the media personality has a ‘fantastic voice’ and they have no doubt that she’ll embody the fierce character with ease. Judging by what we’ve seen over the years, this will be a piece of cake for Gemma. In the summer of 2019, it was reported that Gemma was trying to make her mark in the music scene, and claimed she had a banger lined up with producer Naughty Boy. Speaking to The Sun’s Bizarre column, she said: ‘I had to put my music on hold because this year ended up being so busy. ‘I was working with Naughty Boy and we were looking to get out a Christmas song but our schedules didn’t line up and we couldn’t make it happen.’ Gemma certainly isn’t shy when it comes to belting out a tune –  as she previously impressed fans in 2018 when she performed her own take on Shirley Bassey’s Hey Big Spender on the BBC series All Together Now. In 2019 the star compared herself to the King Of Pop himself, Michael Jackson – as she claimed that her agent had to shut down shopping centres so she could buy her Christmas presents.  Holly Willoughby pays tribute to daughter as she marks International Women’s Day   Gemma Collins reveals her garden was devastated by Storm Eunice as she surveys the damage  ‘It has got to the stage like it did with Michael Jackson where my agent has to see if shopping centres will shut down for me,’ she said. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Gemma Collins’ reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vials of blood to smuggling illegal pie: The most intense things celeb couples have done for love MORE : Carol Vorderman, John Terry, AJ Pritchard and his girlfriend Abbie Quinnen lead the way at Cheltenham races Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!