A lowlife couple who followed an elderly man home and beat him up before stealing his money and bank card have been jailed. Henry Angus, 58, and Claire Birch, 29, tailed the 66-year-old man after spotting him at a shop in Coventry in August last year. Having barged their way inside, Birch punched the helpless victim in the face while Angus waved one of the man’s own kitchen knives at him as they demanded his PIN. They also cut his telephone wires so he couldn’t call out for help, before leaving to withdraw money from his account. A witness saw the couple, who were not known to the victim, leave his flat and when he questioned them on why they were there, they pretended they were friends. The pair were quickly identified through CCTV footage, and they were arrested the following day. Tragically, the victim passed away months later following an unrelated illness without seeing his attackers brought to justice. Angus and Birch, both from Coventry, pleaded guilty to robbery at Warwickshire Justice Centre. They were jailed for eight and seven-and-a-half years respectively. Detective Constable Mel Oldershaw said: ‘I’m really pleased to see this couple jailed for this robbery. ‘This was an attack on a vulnerable man who was unable to defend himself and they made sure he couldn’t call anyone for help. ‘I hope this result brings the victim’s family some closure, in what has been a really difficult few months for them all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Four men have been arraigned before a Yola Chief Magistrate’s Court over the death of a 28-year-old man, Adamu Ahmadu, who was wrongly accused of stealing a phone. Ahmadu, who was the son of a security guard working with the Adamawa Broadcasting Corporation, Yola, was accused by Hamidu Umar, the… In "Slider 2" Deliveroo driver jailed for sex attacks on vulnerable (Picture: SWNS / Getty Images) A ‘manipulative’ sex fiend who raped a vulnerable woman was on bail at the time over a similar offence. Deliveroo and Just Eat driver Luis Calado took advantage of his first victim, who had learning disabilities, after… In "Metro" Authorities in Miami have arrested a  couple for kidnapping a man and holding him hostage at gunpoint, as well as torturing him for three days before he was able to escape.   Miami Police said that on December 28, Marie Dorsainvil, 52, contacted an unidentified victim and asked him to give her… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!