The uniqueness in W22 batch When funding, Y Combinator considers startups at any stage and in any field. Here’s what the accelerator saw in the W22 batch: Statistics Y Combinator Winter 2022 batch companies are building in more than 80 sectors. There isn’t an industry being touched by software that Y Combinator doesn’t fund. At a high level: Y Combinator strives to be a bridge for everyone – no matter who they are, where they live, or what demographic they belong to – to enter the startup world. The accelerator has a long track record of funding founders who historically would never be given a chance. Here are stats on the W22 batch: Founder demographics: The 24 African startups funded by the Y Combinator 2022 accelerator programme include: beU delivery is an on-demand food delivery service in Africa. Founded by Hao Zheng in 2021, the startup has a team size of 300. beU delivery offers a great selection of local restaurants and door-to-door food delivery that allows the customer to have their favorite food from the comfort of their home or office. The startup affirms to be the number one food delivery service in Ethiopia, 67% cheaper than the competition, making food delivery affordable for the masses. beU delivery plans to expand its services to new markets and eventually become the super APP of Africa. Founded by Junaid Babatunde and Moses Enenwali in 2020, Topship is a flexport for African merchants with a 10-man team, based in Lagos, Nigeria. The platform asserts to be the easiest way for African businesses to export and import cargo freight and parcels to their suppliers, distributors and customers. Topship’s goal is to build a Global Distribution System that makes delivery of parcels, cargo and freight easy for African businesses. Located in Kampala, Uganda, Numida was founded by Ben Best, Catherine Denis and Mina Shahid in 2016. Managed by a team of 60 individuals, Numida provides working capital loans to African micro businesses. Rather than borrowing from informal lenders or family, micro business owners download the Numida app, apply in minutes, and receive capital within a day. The fintech company has figured out how to score and disburse unsecured loans to cash-based businesses that have no digital transaction history, while maintaining excellent collection rates. In the past 9 months Numida has provided $8 million in working capital to 15,000 businesses in East Africa. Founded by Tunde Akinnuwa, Emeka Okwuagwu and Yele Oyekola, Duplo kicked off operations in 2021 and has a current team of six innovative minds. The Lagos-based Venmo for B2B in Africa, enables businesses across Africa to simplify their payment flows, reconcile at scale and create a streamlined experience for business customers. The startup, which also creates unlimited digital wallets in less than 5-minutes, capable of holding balances, receiving and sending payments instantly, allows businesses to perform all their payment operation needs on its platform and offer financial services to their customers. Operated by a 12-man team in Lagos, Nigeria, Payourse was founded in 2020 to build tools and infrastructure for easy access to crypto in Africa. Hakeem Adeyemi Orewole, Bashir Aminu and John Anisere founded the company with their combined skills in software engineering and other sectors, continuously focusing on making crypto and web3 access cheaper, easier and faster across the continent. Nash is located in Nairobi, Kenya. The company was founded in 2021 and has so far enabled finance teams to manage finance flows in one place and craft money flow experiences globally. Its ledger-based operating system allows borderless business owners to connect all money accounts, accounting systems, payment service providers, treasury operations, and spend management in one place. Lione Alushula, George Mbuthia and Anthony Wagacha are the brains behind the 11-man team startup, Nash, built on a mission to enable borderless commerce in Africa. Moni is located in Lagos, Nigeria as a group financing for small businesses across Africa. The startup was founded by Femi Iromini and Adedapo Sobayo in 2021 and has a current team of 20 individuals. The collective responsibility of the group serves as a collateral on the loan while the social pressure from the members ensures on-time repayment. There are over 44million SMBs in Africa. Having launched seven months ago, Moni already has $72,000 MRR growing at 50% month-on-month. The company achieved 99% repayment on 11,000 units of loans with over $5M disbursed. This is 15 times higher than most financial services in Africa. Simplifyd Systems was founded by Tomi Amao and Sam Keiru in Lagos, Nigeria, 2021 and currently has its reach in Nairobi, Kenya. Simplifyd enables businesses to deliver their internet apps (websites/mobile apps) data-free, similar to toll-free telephone lines, through its Zerodata app. The 8-man team startup is on a mission to make apps accessible to over 2 billion people in emerging economies who simply cannot afford the costs of internet data subscriptions. Sendme is an on-demand provider of clean meat to individuals and food businesses. The company was founded by Daniel Afolayan in 2021 and is managed by a 40-man team. Sendme has built a chatbot that lets customers place orders for meat on WhatsApp and they get it within 3hours. Made of a team of 9, Vendy provides an alternative payment infrastructure without the need for a payment card or consumer app that enables customers to pay businesses on their phones without internet access. The startup, which is located in Lagos Nigeria, was founded by Kayode Disu and Peter Ekunkoya in 2022. From Accra, Ghana, Tendo was founded by Primerose Katena, Felix Manford, Derrick Mungai and Evans Darbo Boateng in 2021. At the moment, the startup is made of 15 team members who work together to enable anyone in Africa to sell online with zero upfront inventory – Tendo’s mobile app connects dropshippers to local wholesalers. The sellers on the platform are able to source products through Tendo and resell items using social commerce tools, such as WhatsApp, arrange delivery, and get paid, all through the Tendo mobile app. Convoy is a Lagos-based startup building an open-source cloud-native webhook service, with out-of-the-box security, reliability, and scalability for your webhooks infrastructure. Founded by Emmanuel Aina and Subomi Oluwalana in 2021, the 8-man startup is solving the fragmentation which exists in publishing webhooks, the non-existence of adequate open-source tools to enable engineers build and ship highly scalable webhooks infrastructure. Lenco is a Lagos-based multi-currency digital bank for businesses in Africa built by a 13-man team. The startup’s founders include Andrew Airelobhegbe, Impact Airelobhegbe, Praise Osagie and Godstime Asine. With Lenco, retail outlets, hospitality businesses and startups can easily pay vendors, suppliers and perform cross-border payment while having access to growth capital. Tobi Ololade and Ayomide Oso founded Dojah in 2021 and have so far built a team of 22 individuals. The startup is an all-in-one identity and verification platform for technology companies in Africa. So far, Dojah has built a robust API that collates financial, government and facial identity to capture a holistic, end to end verification of an individual. Founded by Joseph Femi Aghedo and Idorenyin Obong in 2020, Grey provides USD, EUR, GBP accounts for remote workers in developing countries starting from Africa. For the first time, western companies feel comfortable recruiting skilled workers from anywhere and Grey, made up of a 15-man team, is making it easy for these workers to receive their salary, save in foreign currency, convert to local currency and spend. Identitypass is making it possible for digital businesses in Africa to easily verify their customers within seconds. Users can easily integrate data searches to retrieve contact or user data. Implementing Identitypass data search on your website/application allows you to personalize web pages with contact or visitor information. Niyi Adegboye, Lanre Ogungbe and Ebuka Obi founded Identitypass 2021 and so far, it has built a team of 17 individuals. Boya Makes it easy for businesses in Africa to issue corporate expense cards instantly and great software to control and track spending. For example, if you run a pharmaceutical company, you can use Boya to instantly issue Visa cards to sales and marketing teams and get real-time visibility and control over their spending. The Nairobi-based startup was founded in 2021 by Robert Nyangate and Alphas Sinja. The 9-man team affirms to be building the first corporate card that supports mobile money, banks and card schemes payment workflows. Curacel is a Lagos-based startup building an API to make it easy for users to get and utilize insurance in emerging markets. The 30-man startup was founded by John Flash Dada and Henry Mascot in 2019 and is building the rails to make insurance work for the next billion Africans. Eazipay is a simple, 5-minute payroll payment solution for Africa, founded by Asher Adeniyi, Kingsley Michael and Efosa Uwoghiren in 2021. Made up of 8 team members, the Lagos-based startup has grown from 10 businesses in January to over 200 with over $5,000 MRR. Eazipay processes 8 payroll payment types (Taxes, Pension, Insurances, etc) with just one-click and with its own payment infrastructure. Eazipay Payroll APIs are also available for neobanks and commercial banks – to reach at least 50k businesses. Located in Lagos, Nigeria, Plumter provides payment rails and APIs to help African merchants and consumers easily move money in and out of Africa. The startup was founded by Yinka Elujoba and Eni Joshua in 2021. Heyfood is building the “Doordash for Africa”. But unlike Doordash in America, the startup makes a profit on every single delivery, from day 1. Founded by Taiwo Akinropo and Demilade Odetara in 2021, the 5-man team is targeting Millennials and Gen Z urban professionals in Africa’s top 70 cities. Within 10 years there will be 140 million of these people, Heyfood assumes, who will want to order food once a week, hence, the startup makes $1 per delivery, this represents a $51 billion market. Touch and Pay Technologies Limited is a Lagos-based startup launched in 2019 and currently has a team of 55 members. The startup was founded by Olamide Afolabi, Michael Oluwole and kabir Yabo. It processes cash-based microtransactions across Africa’s informal sector, an example of microtransaction is payment for bus rides, today the company helps over 300,000 people make this payment. Remedial Health is located in Lagos, Nigeria. The 10-man team sells medicine wholesale to the 1 million pharmacies and hospitals in Africa. Today in Africa, pharmacies shop in open-air medicine markets where they pay higher prices for counterfeit medicines. Remedial Health offers a managed marketplace with all the stock they’ll need, deliver within 24 hours and offer credit to help them grow. The startup was founded by Victor Benjamin and Samuel Okwuada in 2021. Bloom offers students and young professionals in East Africa US Dollar banking. By saving in USD or digital dollars, and spending as they go in local currencies, they won’t be subject to inflation. The startup was founded in 2021 by Abdigani Diriye, Ahmed Ismail, Khalid Keenan and Youcef Oudjidane. Based in Khartoum, Sudan, Bloom has a current team strength of 13 individuals.  The post Meet 24 African Startups in Y Combinator Winter 2022 Batch appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Since 2016, when Y Combinator made its first investment in Nigerian-based Flutterwave, it has not looked back. It now counts 30 Nigerian tech companies as part of its portfolio. Year on year, the startup accelerator runs two categories of funding projects known as the summer (S) and winter (W) batches,… In "Slider 1" The TechCrunch team spent today covering the first day of Y Combinator’s Winter 2022 Demo Day, which featured half of the 394 companies that plan to virtually present. Since the overall batch is bigger than ever before – with 414 companies in total – we decided to divide, conquer and… In "Business" Tech startups have raised more than $2.5 billion in venture capital funding so far in 2021. Apart from being a record haul, the continent has also seen more startups become unicorns – company with 1 $billion and above – in one calendar year in 2021. While there has been remarkable… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!