The partnership between Swvl and Moove, which follows Moove’s recent $105 million Series A2 round, also targets expansion of vehicle classes to include electric buses. With the goal to scale up substantially, the companies will start with an initial rollout of 500 buses and will enable mobility entrepreneurs on Swvl’s platform to access a range of brand-new buses. The $1 trillion global mass transit industry presents a sizeable opportunity for mobility entrepreneurs to own their vehicles and strengthen their earning potential. By paying a percentage of their weekly income, prospective drivers will have the ability to work towards owning their buses through Moove’s two product offerings: Drive-To-Own (DTO), which enables drivers to work towards ownership of their vehicles in 48 months, or Flexi-Rental, an entry-level weekly rental option for drivers who may not yet qualify for DTO. Moove is committed to ensuring that at least 60% of the vehicles it finances are electric or hybrid. This commitment to tackling the climate crisis saw Moove being awarded the IFC’s 2021 Annual Corporate Award as one of the top 20 most impactful and transformational projects, applying an innovative and scalable solution towards a global problem. Powered by cutting-edge technology, Swvl empowers underserved communities with transportation solutions that are reliable, convenient, safe and affordable. By leveraging Moove’s unique credit-scoring technology onto Swvl’s platform, both companies aim to add more drivers and vehicles to Swvl’s platform in order to enable more bus route creation and increase expected earnings for drivers. Mostafa Kandil, Swvl Founder and CEO, said, “Moove’s unique approach to democratizing vehicle ownership by providing access to financing perfectly aligns with our mission at Swvl. Through this partnership, we are able to further our mission of empowering underserved communities with safe, efficient and cost-effective mobility solutions at scale.” Ladi Delano, co-founder and co-CEO of Moove, said, “Forming new partnerships with strategic partners has always been a key driver of growth for us, which is why we are thrilled to be Swvl’s preferred mega fleet partner in MENAP.” Speaking further, he explained that starting with Cairo, Moove’s seventh market, this is an exciting time for the company as the MENAP region presents opportunities that remain untapped and, by virtue of this partnership, Moove has now expanded into urban transportation and the bus vehicle class. “With a 50% monthly increase since launch, the growth at Moove has been exponential and we are excited to expand our platform to serve more mobility entrepreneurs whilst leading the way in the electrification of mobility fleets in markets across the world,” he concluded. Youssef Salem, Swvl CFO, said electrification is integral to Swvl’s mission of substantially reducing emissions via a combination of increasing ride-sharing and vehicle efficiency. “Today’s partnership with Moove, who shares our commitment to empower communities and care for our planet, enhances economic opportunities for thousands of captains while transitioning into lower-emission fleets. This partnership serves as the latest example of executing on opportunities that enhance economics for our stakeholders, protect the environment and diversify and expand supply for our marketplace. We will continue to pursue further initiatives which are core to our sustainable mobility value proposition,” he pointed out. Moove, launched in 2020 by serial entrepreneurs Ladi Delano and Jide Odunsi, is a mission-led company committed to providing mobility entrepreneurs access to affordable vehicle financing and ensuring that 50% of its customers are women. The company also aims to ensure that at least 60% of the vehicles it finances are electric or hybrid vehicles as part of its commitment to improving road safety and vehicle emissions on Africa’s roads. A leader in the mobility fintech space across Africa, Moove-financed vehicles have completed over 3 million rides covering more than 25 million kilometres across 6 markets, including Lagos, Accra, Johannesburg, Cape Town, Nairobi and Ibadan. The post Swvl, Moove Collaborate to Facilitate Vehicle Financing, Electric Vehicle Decentralization appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Swvl, Inc. providers of transformative tech-enabled mass transit solutions, and Moove, a mobility have entered into a partnership to scale Moove’s revenue-based vehicle financing model across the Middle East, North Africa, and Pakistan (MENAP) region, as well as expand vehicle classes to include electric buses. The agreement will enable mobility… In "Slider 1" Moove, the world’s first mobility fintech, which provides revenue-based financing to mobility entrepreneurs across Africa, has raised $105 million in an oversubscribed Series A2 round consisting of equity and debt. Moove had existing investors who led the round. They included Speedinvest, Left Lane Capital and thelatest.ventures, with participation from new… In "Tech News" Moove, an African mobility fintech that provides vehicle financing to drivers of ride-hailing platforms like Uber and other gig networks, has raised $105 million in new Series A2 financing. Existing investors Speedinvest, Left Lane Capital and thelatest.ventures (the first two are lead investors from its Series A) led this round… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!