 The outrage was sparked as nearly two dozen members of the ruling Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party planned to join a no-confidence vote against their own PM – blaming him for the economic crisis and spiraling inflation in the country. A vote that will decide whether the Prime Minister keeps his post is expected later this month. His party is vowing to fight “to the last ball.” Expressing strong disapproval of the two dozen dissident lawmakers, the supporters stormed the Sindh house, where the lawmakers are staying.  Authorities later say that no harm was made to any of the lawmakers and at least a dozen of the troublemakers were arrested, including the two ruling lawmakers identified as Atta Ullah and Faheem Khan, who allegedly incited the attack on the building. “I have talked to the Inspector General Police in Islamabad and ordered him to control the situation,” Interior Minister, Sheikh Rashid told the media as he expressed concern at the violence. Dozens of PTI workers, according to the television footage, barged into the Sindh house chanting slogans against the group of disgruntled lawmakers. Information and Broadcasting Minister Chaudhry accused the Sindh Government of housing the turncoat lawmakers, which he said was a provocation for PTI workers. The votes are increasingly stacking up against the former cricketing star, whose governing coalition has a thin majority in parliament. A vote that will decide whether he keeps his post is expected later this month. His party is vowing to fight “to the last ball,” using a cricketing analogy. Democracy remains fragile in Pakistan. No prime minister has managed to serve out the full five-year term, while four military dictators have also ruled the country in its 74-year history. The post Video: Supporters of Pakistan PM storm building to confront lawmakers appeared first on Expressive Info. Abiy Ahmed, Prime Minister of Ethiopia, swears in front of the parliament as reelected Prime Minister during a swearing-in ceremony for recently elected members, in the city of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, on October 04, 2021. EDUARDO SOTERAS / AFP   Ethiopian Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed on Wednesday appointed the former… In "Breaking News" Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaks during a visit to the COVID-19 vaccination facility in Jerusalem on January 6, 2021.  (Photo by Marc Israel SELLEM / POOL / AFP)     Israel was approaching the end of an era after the last-minute formation of a motley coalition that could in… In "Slider 1" Security personnel carry out rescue operations as belongings of trains crash victims are seen near the site of a train accident in Daharki area of the northern Sindh province on June 7, 2021, as at least 43 people were killed and dozens injured when a packed Pakistani inter-city train ploughed… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!