The solar year resets today, which is basically the astrological equivalent of the New Year. Get ready to celebrate because this is a time of fresh ideas and positive vibes. So let’s see what’s in store! After a trying time, your life is about to start looking up, Leo. Your sense of adventure has been unlocked, Sagittarius, which might also apply to your love life… Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 20, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 A new solar year begins for you, as the Sun enters your sign from today for a four week stay, Aries. You will feel your natural exuberance and energy coming back, and this, along with another dynamic tie, could see you set to make a bold move. It’s a time to focus on what is most meaningful. Don’t feel guilty about this, as you’ll benefit from indulging personal interests. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The coming four weeks provide an opportunity for reflection and insight, as the Sun dips into a more secluded sector. The days ahead can see you questioning certain assumptions, and perhaps deciding that it’s time to make a few changes or find closure. Another leading aspect could push you to move out of your comfort zone to explore opportunities that may be very good for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The Sun’s move into spontaneous Aries and your friendship zone, encourages you to mingle with others on your wavelength. Plus, your social life has extra sizzle over the coming day or so, as an upbeat influence puts the spotlight on a very promising event. You’ll have opportunities to network to your heart’s content, and some encounters could lead to promising associations. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 It’s time to embrace the spotlight, with the Sun entering a more prominent sector from today, for a four week stay. And though you can be quite modest about your achievements, this is not the time to hide your talents but to promote yourself, especially if you’re looking to further your career or secure a golden opportunity. Keen to move out of your comfort zone? Go for it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Has life been trying, Leo? The movement of the radiant Sun, your personal planet, into Aries and your travel zone, can help lighten the mood. This influence inspires you to go in search of excitement. It’s also a chance to learn a skill or get a qualification that could give your career or business a boost. You’ll feel good seeking out fresh opportunities and sparkling adventures. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You’ll be drawn to look beneath the surface, and doing so could be very revealing, Virgo. The Sun’s move into Aries, puts the focus on key areas such as shared finances, business, close bonds and the potential for change and transformation. You’ll be ready to make some radical decisions that may move your life forward, especially in those areas where you’ve been stuck lately. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Moon’s angle with Mars, hints that a relationship issue could come to a head, bringing an opportunity to clear the air. Perhaps you need to get something out in the open, or talk about your feelings for someone. Plus, with the Sun entering your sector of relating from today for around four weeks, romantic bonds may be enhanced. Your social life looks busy and exciting too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 As the solar orb moves into your lifestyle sector from today, it brings an opportunity to reflect on how happy you are. Keen to make life easier for yourself? This is your chance to do some reorganizing, Scorpio. In addition, you’ll be ready to take a bold step forward regards a creative hobby. This might entail showcasing your work, and perhaps creating a lucrative side-hustle. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 There’s a shift to more leisurely activities from today and over the next four weeks, that can bring out your adventurous side. You’ll want to let off steam and might enjoy walking, hiking or any activity that burns up energy and leaves you refreshed. Romance becomes hotter and racier too. Plus, you’ll relish the chance for a change of pace, and the opportunity to do your own thing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Domestic matters move higher up your agenda, as the Sun enters Aries for the coming month or so. This looks to be a time of new beginnings, and you may be ready to start by throwing out everything that is cluttering up your space. But the coming weeks are also excellent for some self-care. Don’t dismiss this Capricorn, as you’ll benefit so much from being kind to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 As the Sun enters Aries and your sector of talk and thought, the coming four weeks can coincide with some interesting conversations that could clinch new arrangements, close deals and connect you with interesting people. Keen to get a website up and running or enhance your social media profile? You may be motivated to get started. Expect some exciting developments. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The Sun eases out of your sign and into Aries and your money zone, so you may be all fired up to give your finances a boost. Keen to earn extra cash? Then you might be motivated to start a side-hustle that will give you some leeway.# As Mercury and Jupiter align in your sign, listen out for some good news or be alert for an opportunity that could be just perfect for you, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!