 Word stemming from the media late on Thursday evening points towards a clear frontrunner having emerged in the Manchester United managerial sweepstakes. The tactician in question? Erik ten Hag. Recent weeks have of course seen the name of Dutchman ten Hag take centre stage in the chatter surrounding fallen giants United. This comes with the Old Trafford brass, amid their ongoing search for a summer replacement for Ralf Rangnick, understood to have earmarked Ajax’s beloved boss as a chief target. Alongside Paris Saint-Germain headmaster Mauricio Pochettino, ten Hag has long been the manager most persistently tipped for the post, owing to another fine campaign in Amsterdam to date. The club’s fanbase, meanwhile, have already made clear their backing for the 52-year-old, ahead of an absolutely crucial decision when it comes to not only United’s immediate future, but long-term prospects, too.  LEEUWARDEN, NETHERLANDS – MARCH 11: Devyne Rensch and Erik ten Hag during the Dutch Eredivisie match between SC Cambuur and Ajax at the Cambuur Stadium on March 11, 2022 in Leeuwarden Netherlands (Photo by Rico Brouwer/Soccrates/Getty Images) And, as alluded to above, if the latest word stemming from the media is anything to go by, then those hopeful of ten Hag being chosen as the man to lead a new era on the red half of Manchester look could well soon have their wishes granted. This comes amid fresh claims surrounding the Dutchman on Thursday night. As per a report from the reliable Jason Burt of The Telegraph, ten Hag has emerged as ‘the clear favourite’ to take up the reins at United ahead of next season. This comes with a final round of interviews for the position now on the agenda. Manchester United are expected to carry out a second and final round of interviews before appointing their new manager – although Erik ten Hag has now emerged as the clear favourite | @JBurtTelegraph reports #mufc https://t.co/IrMM0ecaOV — Telegraph Sport (@TelegraphSport) March 31, 2022  Should the Red Devils have genuine hopes of bringing in ten Hag over the months ahead, though, they will need to act quickly. This comes with another pair of major clubs, including one of Man United’s Premier League rivals, also understood to be expressing a keen interest in Ajax’s boss ahead of the summer: About the two other reported clubs who are interested in hiring Erik ten Hag as their manager, apart from Manchester United; one is German, and one is English — Jonathan Shrager (@JonathanShrager) March 25, 2022   Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!