Doctor Who’s boss has dropped a mega tease about Jodie Whittaker’s regeneration episode, as the 13th Doctor’s exit looms. By the end of the year, Jodie, who has been on the beloved BBC sci-fi series since 2017, will bid farewell to the Tardis, before being replaced by the as-yet unnamed 14th Doctor. While there are still several months to wait until fans discover how her departure will play out, Matt Strevens, who will also be exiting as the show’s executive producer, hinted that her final outing will have a huge impact on Whovians across the globe. Speaking to Doctor Who magazine, he said that ‘the final story is a massive, feature-length epic’, which he recalled was ‘huge to shoot – with lots of surprises for fans of all ages’. ‘Jodie gets a really good send-off. I think it will push everybody’s buttons,’ he stated, as reported by Digital Spy. Two out of three Doctor Who specials are in the pipeline for this year, the first of which came out on New Year’s Day. The second is due to come out at Easter time, with the third and final special airing later in the year. Matt emphasised how excited Jodie is to ‘hand the baton on’, as another actor takes on the iconic role. Names who have been rumoured to be possible contenders for the Time Lord include It’s A Sin’s Olly Alexander, I May Destroy You creator Michaela Coel and comedian Richard Ayoade. ‘Jodie’s also very excited about who the next incumbent of the Tardis is,’ the producer said. ‘There’s that great thing, I think, of being able to hand the baton on. That’s lovely for each actor who plays the part – you’re a custodian and, like all of us who make the show, you want to make sure you’ve left it in a good enough place to continue.’ He added: ‘It meant a lot to Jodie to know that she would regenerate – it’s lovely to pass that on.’ It has recently been claimed that Doctor Who was eyeing up Sex Eduction star Tanya Reynolds as a possible future companion of the Doctor, with her character in the Netflix series showing a keen enthusiasm for all things sci-fi.  BBC ‘temporarily suspends’ all BBC News operations in Russia   BBC’s Clive Myrie shares snaps from different war zones 21 years apart with Lyse Doucet   BBC’s Lyse Doucet introduces ‘great’ people behind cameras in Ukraine’s warzone  A source told The Sun: ‘If Tanya became the Doctor’s new companion, she’d be a unique sidekick in comparison to the likes of Billie Piper or Jenna Colman. ‘But that’s the whole point of the reinvented Doctor Who – they want to create a very different version of the time-travelling adventures.’ Doctor Who is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who’s Jodie Whittaker announces pregnancy at Brit Awards 2022 as she cradles baby bump on red carpet MORE : Doctor Who: Russell T Davies responds to calls to replace Jodie Whittaker with Lydia West Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!