 Sarr’s agent admitted recently that he expects the winger to leave Watford at the end of the season. The outcome is predicted regardless of whether Roy Hodgson can steer them out of the relegation zone or not. Representative Thierno Seydi thought he would be helping Sarr secure a move elsewhere last time Watford were relegated. Instead, he stuck with them in the second tier. But now, he may be approaching the end of his cycle on the outskirts of London. He managed five goals this season before an injury setback. But many top clubs remember the talents he expressed in the Championship last season too. Therefore, his agent could be finding him a new club in the summer. At the time of his comments, links with Liverpool – where he could reunite with or replace his Senegal colleague Sadio Mane – resurfaced. But so did rumours tipping him to be targeted by AC Milan, which have now gone a step further. According to Calciomercato, Sarr fits the profile of player that the Serie A leaders are after in the summer. They want to sign a right winger, particularly if they do win the league, as a gift for coach Stefano Pioli to work with. The report claims they have a dossier on Sarr ahead of a potential summer approach. It has become clear that Watford’s asking price has risen above €30m (£25m). That would be a similar amount to what they spent to sign him from Rennes back in 2019. Sarr’s contract at Vicarage Road has a little over two years left to run on it. In the summer, they should be bracing themselves for offers for the 24-year-old. It remains to be seen whether a Liverpool side that added Luis Diaz in January will revive their pursuit of Sarr. If not, Milan may have a clearer run at prising him away from the Hornets. READ MORE: Leicester City compete with Watford and European giants for highly-rated Bristol City ace The post Revived Liverpool link quickly overshadowed as €30m Prem star becomes ideal target for Euro giants appeared first on TEAMtalk. There are plans for Ismaila Sarr to leave Watford regardless of whether they can escape relegation from the Premier League, his representative has revealed. It has been a challenging season for Sarr and Watford. His 13 Championship goals helped them to promotion last term. However, they are now in danger… In "Sports" Newcastle have been told their mooted move for an exciting Premier League attacker previously on Liverpool’s radar would be terrific business, though investment in another area of their squad would be wiser. All eyes will be on Newcastle when the January transfer window opens its doors. The cash-rich Magpies were… In "Sports" Liverpool hope to land a £40m-target after he asked to leave his club, Harry Kane has called out Daniel Levy over his broken promises, while Wednesday’s transfer gossip has news on one in, one out at Arsenal. ISMAILA SARR BACK ON LIVERPOOL AGENDA Liverpool’s hopes of adding Ismaila Sarr to… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!