Speaking at the prize presentation event in Lagos, Dr. Ken Opara, the Promo Chairperson and Executive Director, Lagos and South-West, Fidelity Bank Plc, who was represented by Osita Ede, the Divisional Head, Product Development, said, “We introduced the GAIM 5 promo in November 2021 as part of our efforts to help Nigerians imbibe the important practice of saving. “It is important to note that of the N125 million earmarked to be won in cash prizes in the promo, we have given out a total of N39million to lucky customers comprising 900 customers who won N10,000 each in the 18 weekly consolation draws and 30 customers who won N1 million each in the first three monthly draws of the campaign. That means we still have N86million to be given away before the campaign draws to a close in July 2022.” Prior to presenting the cash prizes to the GAIM 5 winners, Fidelity Bank also presented cheques to customers from its Festac and Agege-Ikorodu regions who emerged beneficiaries of its savings loyalty scheme for Q4 2021. “150 customers are being rewarded at our branch locations across the country with a total of N55.4m as cash reward for the quarter ended December 31, 2021. The scheme is designed to reward active Fidelity Personal Savings Scheme (FPSS) and Fidelity Sweet Account (SWEETA) customers”, explained Dr Okpara. The event was attended by a representative of the National Lottery Regulatory Commission (NLRC) as well as customers and staff of Fidelity Bank Plc. The Get Alert in Millions Promo, season 5 (GAIM 5), is an 8-month long scheme that was launched in November 2021 with N125million earmarked as prize money in weekly, monthly and grand draws. Qualifying requirements for the scheme are maintaining an account balance of at least N2,000 in a Fidelity Bank savings account and activating a debit card. According to the bank, the promo employs a ticketing approach whereby each N2,000 in customers’ accounts represents a ticket in the draws. Fidelity Bank is a full-fledged commercial bank operating in Nigeria with about six million customers who are serviced across its 250 business offices and digital banking channels. The post Fidelity Bank Presents N10m to Winners of GAIM 5 4th Monthly Draw appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Leading financial institution, Fidelity Bank PLC has reiterated its commitment to enriching the lives of its customers as it announced the third set of 10 millionaires in its Get Alert in Millions season 5 (GAIM 5) promo. The third monthly draw of GAIM 5 campaign which held in Victoria Island, Lagos… In "Tech News" Reaffirming its commitment to enriching the lives of its customers, leading financial institution, Fidelity Bank Plc, has presented cash prizes to winners of the February draw of the Get Alerts in Millions season 5 promo (GAIM 5). The prize presentation event was held at the Fidelity Bank branch Suru Alaba,… In "Slider 2" Reaffirming its commitment to enriching the lives of its customers, Fidelity Bank Plc, one of Nigeria’s leading financial institutions, has presented cash prizes to winners of the February draw of the Get Alerts in Millions season 5 promo (GAIM 5). The prize presentation event was held at the Fidelity Bank… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!