Any hopes this weekend’s mini heatwave marked the end of winter are set to be dashed. The UK is poised for a sudden drop in temperatures and snow could fall across parts of the country later this week. From Monday, conditions are expected to become chillier, cloudier and more unsettled, the Met Office has warned. Daytime temperatures will more than halve compared to the last few days and the mercury will fall below zero at night for millions. A cold front pushing down from the north will see 20C temperatures enjoyed in London reduced to low single figures by Thursday. By mid-week, it will be hovering just above zero across Scotland and the North of England. The cold snap is expected to kick in just in time for April Fools day, when the energy price cap rise will kick in. From Friday, household bills for millions will go up by almost £700, contributing to one of the worst cost of living squeezes in decades. Families hoping not to have to turn the thermostat up again this winter may find the heating is back on by the end of the week. Alex Burkill, a Met Office forecaster, said: ‘Wednesday will be the most extreme in terms of wintry weather, as a cold stream of air will start to push southwards bringing unpredictable wet and windy conditions, even snow or sleet. ‘It will be markedly colder than what we’ve just seen, daytime temperatures falling by half, and some areas will even struggle to hit 8C (46.4F), which will signify the biggest change in conditions. ‘Overnight into Thursday and Friday, many areas will fall considerably lower than freezing, towards minus 4C (24.8F) and minus 5C (23F).’ Temperatures dropped slightly on Sunday but much of the UK still enjoyed sunshine throughout the day, with highs of 15C in places. Cloud pushed eastwards over the evening though it will remain dry for most throughout Monday, before turning wetter mid-week. Temperatures could fall as low as -8C in parts of Scotland. Mr Burkill added: ‘It looks like most places will be impacted, parts of northern England, northern Wales and central England are expected to be the worst affected. ‘This wintry weather could even push into southern areas of England and Wales, which isn’t unusual, it is normal to have colder weather in April, but it’s far from the sunny, warm days seen last week.’ The timing will come as a blow to families struggling with rising bills.  Britain’s oldest ‘postman’, 98, delivers letters to residents in his care home   ‘Adventurous’ Kate eats ‘nature’s viagra’ at fish fry in the Bahamas   Man arrested after mum stabbed to death while her children were at school  Volatility in the global gas market created by post-pandemic demand and the Ukraine crisis has seen wholesale prices rocket and several firms have gone bust in recent months. From April 1, the costs will be passed on to consumers when a previously announced energy price cap rise comes into effect. Ofgem are expected to authorise yet another rise when the minimum unit price is reviewed again in time for October 1. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Be careful, it’s cold outside today if you live in the north of England (Picture: PA) Swathes of the UK woke up to sunny skies and a frost or dusting of snow this morning – but the picture-postcard scenes aren’t set to last. The UK experienced its coldest night of… In "Metro" The Met Office has warned of frost and colder temperatures this month across the UK (Picture: PA / WX Charts) The UK looks set to see snow in around two weeks as temperatures plunge to -4°C in some cities. People can expect a ‘cold snap’ over the middle of the… In "Metro" Temperatures could reach up to 17°C by the end of the week (Picture: Rex / WX Charts) Spring may finally have sprung across Britain this week as the weather is set to reach positively toasty temperatures. A 700-mile ‘African heat burst’ will see temperatures in the south of the country… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!