As Linda Carter returns to EastEnders for Tina’s funeral in upcoming episodes, Kellie Bright has been talking to Metro.co.uk about coming back to Albert Square and what the future might hold for her character. ‘Coming back after a break is always a little bit scary,’ she admits. ‘I definitely had some nerves at the beginning but I also felt comfortable really quickly because I am with people who I love, who are like my family. The slight apprehension about coming back disappeared quickly and I can truly say I’ve loved being back at work.’ While Kellie’s return has been a happy one, the same can’t be said for the character she plays. ‘I think she puts on a front but underneath she feels pretty wretched,’ Kellie says. ‘I think she’s very hurt and I think she’s actually terrified of the future and what the future might look like for her.’ Linda’s alcoholism is out of control and Kellie says this has had a terrible effect on the family. ‘I think it’s fair to say that her relationship with all of her family has broken down quite significantly because of her drinking. ‘I don’t think she is in a great place with anybody, any of her children and certainly not Mick. She hasn’t even seen Ollie for months and months.’ At the same time, Kellie has a lot of sympathy for her character. ‘It’s very easy to be angry at Linda but you have to try and remember that she is an alcoholic, she isn’t well, just the same as other people aren’t well for different reasons, she’s not well but it’s very hard to be around that.’ Asked if she would have any advice for Linda, Kellie is clear. ‘What I would say to her is look, the first thing you need to do is stop drinking because you cannot fix anything else while you are still drinking. ‘Everything that happens will balloon and morph into all sorts of dramas while you are drinking because you will make it so. So really and truly her drinking needs to be addressed before anything else.’ Unfortunately it doesn’t look like Linda will be taking this advice any time soon. ‘Well let’s just say she doesn’t stay sober. Unfortunately she is not ready to put that bottle down just yet,’ Kellie says. ‘So it’s really going to be the fallout from all of this that we are left with. ‘What I will say is that she starts to find her feet and find her place again in the Square. You see a little bit of that feistiness, that strong person that she is cuts through again a little bit. At the moment really and truly her drinking is her downfall.’ MORE : Major Ben story on the horizon in EastEnders as Max Bowden conducts research MORE : Ross Kemp has lost contact with EastEnders brother Steve McFadden Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!