 Concerned with the state of the Nation’s security challenges and its threats to National unity, People United in Love and Peace (PULP) foundation,  a non governmental organization instituted by a group of eminent Nigerians led by Dr. Chuks Victor James has during its unveiling flagged off its maiden outreach in Mararaba, Nasarawa state. According to a communique signed by its founder Dr. Chuks the foundation asides its empowerment initiatives is poised to seek various means to foster  love, unity, peace and progress amongst Nigerians. The outreach exercise included the distribution of cash sums to indigent women followed by a Gala Night which witnessed a large turnout of dignitaries from within and outside Nasarawa.The occasion saw the presence of ; Arewa Youths, HRH Jodan Markinta of Adamawa State,  Hon Yusuf Musa Ardo, the Mieti- Allah National Chairman of Fulani Peace Initiative, Alhaji Ahmadu Sardauna, Matarsa Nasarawa State, Comr. Magaji Musa Adamu among other dignitaries. Speaking during the elaborate outreach in Mararaba, the founder, a U.S. based Dr. Chuks, enjoined Nigerians to develop a positive mindset towards the country, adding that such positive thoughts will propel the nation to greatness. “This is the first time we are coming publicly to announce the formation of this foundation. The aim of the foundation is to do everything we can, to unite our brothers from the north with our brothers from the south. It doesn’t cost us money for us to unite our country, it’s just for us to work on our change of mindsets. I flew all the way from New York, US to Nigeria to speak about the essence, the need for us to live in peace and unity. Appreciating the Federal Government’s roles to combat the global Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19), Dr. Chuks commended President Muhammadu Buhari; his Chief of Staff , Prof. Ibrahim Gambari and the Secretary to the Federal Government, Boss Mustapha for taking proactive steps to stem the tide in the spread of the virus. He said ;. “The Covid pandemic devastated the entire universe but Nigeria was saved because of the actions taken by Mr President, Mohamadu Buhari, carried out by the Secretary general of the federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, Prof Ibrahim Gambari and the 36 state Governors. They played a very good role in making sure that some of the citizens were vaccinated and received the Covid protocols / palliatives. Harping on the need for Nigerians to eschew violence and live in peace , Dr . Chuks identified  lack of peace and unity as being  responsible for love lost amongst Nigerians. The foundation founder encouraged participants to spread the good news of peace and unity amongst brothers, sisters and parents, telling them of the need to change their mindsets about segregation and unhealthy thoughts against the nation. The climax of the event was the announcement of PULP Foundation to stage a massive concert to be held at Eagle square in Abuja, where women will be given 1 Million Naira each to support their economic growth. According to Dr. Chuks the reason behind the foundation’s priority for women stems from the fact that women usually tune out first to embrace peace and unity , saying that women are pillars and the stability of Nigeria cannot be fixed without women”. In his concluding remarks,  PULP-F founder enjoined Nigerians to change their habit of  negative criticisms and casting slurs at public office holders in the country. He added that foreign investors take their investments to other countries due to the negative notions created by citizens about its public officeholders. He said that these negative perspectives will do Nigeria no good, he therefore, charged Nigerians to take this message of unity, peace and love to all states, he also stressed on the need to put the nation first before religion and ethnic divides.” If you look presently,  investors are taking their businesses abroad, away from Nigeria. Nigeria has the man power, we have the population, we have everything but because we’re not speaking together as brothers and sisters, everyone I saying that am from Zamfara State therefore it’s only Zamfara people that will do this, am from Abia state therefore only Igbo people will do that, No! We are first and foremost Nigerians. “We must understand these facts, that is when developments will start and that is when even the international communities will all come back to Nigeria, bringing in their foreign direct investments because they know that Nigeria has the population and manpower. We should shun religion if we must progress. We were born here as Nigerians before religion came to play a part in our  lives, so,  let’s consider ourselves as nothing but Nigerians first before religion, Dr. Chuks said.Harping on Nigeria’s unity, Dr. Chuks canvasses for the removal of State of origin from the Nation’s constitution, he said that that every Nigerian should be accorded their full rights to engage in any economic and political activity regardless of the state where they hail from. He said “. In my Nigeria and America passports they wrote Benue state but if I want to run an election in Benue, I am told to go to Abia state however in my passport, there’s no Abia state on it. If we can remove all these impediments Nigeria will be a better place to reckon with in Africa.“We must also learn to love our families. Our father, mother, sisters and brothers. Most importantly we must love our mothers greatly because through them we were born. We must give our women enough credit”. 9News Nigeria Following the restructuring and re-branding of its existing consumer outreach programmes, the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has held the maiden edition of the Campus Conversation at the University of Abuja. Campus Conversation is featured as an important part of NCC’s new Telecom Consumer Conversation (TCC). Speaking at the event at… In "Slider 1" Nigerians have been urged to be united and show love to one another for the country to overcome its myriad of challenges. The Coordinator, CAC Joseph Ayo Babalola Memorial Miracle Camp, Ikeji, Osun State, Prophet Sam Olu Alo attributed a lack of genuine love to numerous problems the country is… In "Slider 1" Bauchi State governor, Senator Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed, has asserted that only harmonious living and peaceful coexistence among Muslim and Christian faithful can help Nigeria to overcome its present problems militating against its development. The governor made the assertion in Bauchi on Thursday at the funeral service of the late chairman… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!