Jeremy Kyle has been spotted for the first time since a damning documentary aired about the death of a contestant who’d filmed for his talk show. The presenter, 56, was seen looking tense as he stepped out in London this week following the first episode of Death On Daytime airing. Kyle was seen wearing jeans, a white shirt and a black jacket as he got out of a taxi with a change of clothes in a suit bag. The chat show host appeared sombre as he entered a nearby building in his first public outing since the bombshell Channel 4 documentary. Death On Daytime follows the death of Steve Dymond, who took his own life days after filming for The Jeremy Kyle Show, an incident which ultimately led to the show being cancelled for good. The episode featuring Dymond, which saw him ‘fail’ a lie detector test suggesting he cheated on his ex-fiancée, never aired following his death and all past episodes were also pulled. Viewers were left furious by the documentary, which heard anonymous accounts from staff who had worked on the show as well as Dymond’s family. The documentary claims staff would lie about the results of guests’ mental health checks because they were under ‘such pressure’ to book them, with ex-producers also alleging they were denied meals until they had booked guests. Kyle, who fronted the show for 14 years, previously revealed he was taking legal action about the documentary, telling The Sun in a statement: ‘I would like to reiterate my deepest sympathies to the friends and family of Mr Dymond. ‘I’ve consistently maintained it would be inappropriate to discuss the tragic death of Steve Dymond before the legal inquest into it has concluded. ‘Likewise, the false and damaging allegations made against me by Channel 4 are with the lawyers now. ‘No doubt ITV will address the issues raised by Channel 4 around ITV’s production of The Jeremy Kyle Show themselves, it would be wrong for me to speak on their behalf. ‘Now is not the time to debate or discuss what is an ongoing legal process. When I can respond, I will.’ In response to the Channel 4 documentary, ITV said it does not ‘accept the central allegation of this programme of a ‘bad culture’ within the production team’, adding: ’ITV would never condone any of its production staff misleading or lying to guests.’  ‘I feel sick to think I ever watched Jeremy Kyle’: Shock as dark show lifts lid   Jeremy Kyle Show counsellor Graham Stanier fiercely defends series after Channel 4 doc   ‘Jeremy Kyle shouldn’t be near a TV or radio station!’ Calls for host to be sacked soar  Viewers had also called for Kyle to be sacked from his current hosting gig on TalkRadio after watching the documentary. Jeremy Kyle: Death On Daytime is available to stream on All4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. Jeremy Kyle guest Steve Dymond (right) took his own life after appearing on the show (Picture: Rex) A new Channel 4 documentary will share the reasons behind The Jeremy Kyle Show being axed. The Jeremy Kyle show was abruptly pulled off air in 2019, after Steve Dymond took his own… In "Metro" Steve Dymond took his own life after appearing on the Jeremy Kyle Show in 2019 (Picture/ Rex) Jeremy Kyle guest Steve Dymond was overcome with emotion in his last voice note to his ex-fiancée Jane Callaghan before taking his own life in May 2019 aged 63. Dymond killed himself days… In "Metro" The second part of the doc aired on Monday (Picture: ITV) Channel 4 premiered the second installment of Jeremy Kyle: Death on Daytime and following the shocking claims, viewers have put ITV on blast. The detailed documentary featured former employees – played by actors – and guests discussing their harrowing… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!