 Eko Innovation is one of the leading tech hubs in Nigeria, curating events like Art of Technology Lagos, The Lagos Smart Meter Hackathon amongst others with GDM Group, Nigeria’s leading marketing and innovation company, is changing the narrative around innovation in Media and Marketing by curating this hackathon to ideate and create solutions that disrupt and tackles some of the challenges we face in today’s marketing and media. With over 500 individuals registered to participate in the hackathon and heavy artillery of industry leaders billed as speakers, mentors and judges, MarkHack 1.0 will gather innovators, entrepreneurs, policymakers, Marketing, and Media Professionals, for an intense period of time leveraging creativity, technology, and mentoring to create prototypes, fresh new concepts, and innovative usage of tech in Marketing and Media. MarkHack 1.0 will focus on the following areas of interest in media and marketing, consumer experience, consumer interaction and recruitment, media consumption, trade & retail engagement, analytics and metrics, event marketing, media monetization, and content creation. Participants will be split into teams of 5 and required to work together for a period of 3 weeks, brainstorming and ideating new concepts based on their focus areas. Each team gets to pitch their ideas to a selection Jury of subject matter experts and the best 10 teams with the most viable concepts will go head-to-head at the finale on 18th May for a chance at the $20,000 prize pool and an acceleration program to get their products ready for the market. To be a part of the launch event, register to get an invite at markhack.tech/virtual-launch To know more about MarkHack 1.0, visit markhack.tech. The post Eko Innovation Centre, GDM Group and EXMAN Launch MarkHack 1.0, Nigeria’s First-Ever Media & Marketing Hackathon appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Eko Innovation Centre, one of the country’s most influential tech hubs, is partnering with GDM Group, Nigeria's leading marketing and innovation firm, to host the maiden edition of Nigeria’s Marketing and Media Hackathon, tagged MarkHack 1.0. The first-ever media and marketing hackathon will bring together next-generation innovators, entrepreneurs, policymakers and… In "Breaking News" A tech hub, Eko Innovation Centre, in partnership with a marketing company, GDM Group, has said it will train professionals to create solutions to media and marketing problems through the MarkHack 1.0 initiative. The firms disclosed this in a statement on Sunday, adding that the event will bring together innovators… In "Breaking News" In its bid to provide a platform for young Nigerian tech students to showcase their talents, the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA), under the supervision of Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy, has commenced this year’s Hackathon where participants would come together and share ideas on ways to confront the country’s challenges using… In "Tech News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!