Piers Morgan has launched a scathing attack on the ongoing drama between Kim Kardashian, Pete Davidson and Kanye West, amid the Russia Ukraine war. Writing in The Sun, the 56-year-old former Good Morning Britain presenter reignited his long-running feud with Kim Kardashian, with whom he’s been at loggerheads since 2016. In an no-holds-barred opinion piece, Piers referred to the ‘noxious’ trio, stating that his ‘Covid-wrecked sense of smell showed the first signs of beginning to scent extremely pungent excrement-related odours’. He continued to outline the ongoing dispute between the three celebrities, also touching on Kanye’s recent music video for track Eazy, in which Pete is seen being decapitated and buried in the ground, covered by roses. After explaining the situation between Kim, Kanye and Pete, Piers continued to outline how the whole saga left him with a ‘surging sense of rage building inside me’. He said: ‘At the same time as these three supremely rich, famous, entitled imbeciles are trading stupid insults, Ukraine is exploding with horrifying scenes of murder and mayhem.’ This isn’t the first time Piers Morgan has launched into an attack of Kim Kardashian. In 2016, he first called out Kim for some scantily-clad pics. In 2019, Piers again ripped into the mogul, calling her a ‘talentless half-wit’ after she was laughed off stage at the Grammy’s, and in 2020, when she became a billionaire, he again repeated the ‘talentless’ jibe. Earlier this week, a series of explosive text messages reportedly sent by Pete to Kanye were revealed. In the messages – thought to be from the SNL star – he appeared to refer to himself using the now-infamous moniker ‘Skete’, that Kanye has referred to him by throughout their confrontation. ‘Yo it’s Skete, Can you please take a second and calm down. It’s 8am and it don’t gotta be like this,’ he is thought to have said. He then went on to reportedly address Kanye’s ‘mental health’ and to offer him advice on how to improve his wellbeing.  Kanye West says he’s being ‘gaslit’ amid Pete Davidson feud and slams celebrity friends   Kim Kardashian begs Kanye West to ‘stop with this narrative’ over claims about children   Kanye West reacts to Pete Davidson texts after Kim Kardashian photo  It was recently revealed that Pete will be blasting off into space in a rocket built by Jeff Bezos’ company Blue Origin next week. Blue Origin is one of a number of companies involved in the space tourism boom. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and Pete Davidson for comment. MORE : Kim Kardashian glued to her phone at son Saint’s game hours after explosive text exchange between Pete Davidson and ex Kanye West MORE : Pete Davidson gets back to work after Kanye West feud as he’s seen covered in blood on film set Piers Morgan lashed out at rapper Kanye West in his latest column after seeing him booed at the Super Bowl amid the ongoing drama between him and estranged wife Kim Kardashian In "Entertainment" Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. Shutterstock (2) Expressing himself. Kanye West shared his feelings on getting divorced from Kim Kardashian in a creative and cryptic way. Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s Divorce: Everything to Know About Their Messy Split Read article The Yeezy designer, 44, shared an image via Instagram… In "Entertainment" Piers Morgan hit out at Kim Kardashian, Kanye West and Pete Davidson for trading 'stupid insults' while Ukraine is being attacked by Russia In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!