Prof. Ugwuanyi made this call while making his remarks virtually at Students’ Forum held in Enugu recently. He said that as potential accountants, the students must not overlook the place of digital skills and disruptive technologies in the 21st Century economy. According to the accomplished lecturer, the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the digital transformation journey faster, more dramatic and disruptive, thereby giving opportunities for more convenient online presence with less disturbance, Digital innovation and Internet Economy for driv​e​ to Digital Economy. Prof Ugwuanyi reminded the students that Economy Africa reports 2020 revealed that by 2025, the value of Internet Economy in Africa will reach $180b, accounting for about 5.2% of the Continent’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and by 2050 its projection is estimated to be $712b, about 8.5% of the Continent’s GDP hence accounting students must not be left out in the digital space. In his words, “The Global advancement and digital technologies are making the world a better place. We are inspired to deliver rapid business innovations and new customer value propositions. African Start-ups coming up with unique business models, Digital Transformation platforms and services that creates incredible value with a significant impact on human lives and the economy which indicates that Africa will not miss the Fourth Industrial Revolution unlike the first, Second and Third industrial era where we lost out in creating and capturing values across the globe”. “At the same time, the relevant emerging technologies which the accounting profession can benefit from include Artificial Intelligence; Blockchain; Cloud Computing; Data Analytics; and Ed-Tech. Continuing, Prof Ugwuanyi said, “In my discussions with practicing accountants, I often hear them say that they wish they could spend fewer hours balancing books, preparing reports and recording transactions, and more on adding strategic value to their clients’ businesses. So, as students you have a golden​​ opportunity to learn the ropes. “A new wave of technologies is automating many of the routine processes that once took up so much of your time. Big data, cloud computing, IoT, artificial intelligence are reinventing accounting across West Africa and you should not be left behind,” Prof Ugwuanyi told the students. The post Prof Ugwuanyi Urges Accounting Students to Sharpen Digital Skills appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. The Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN) has commended Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State for the resilience, humility, drive, vision and purpose he has brought to governance in spite of the enormous challenges confronting the country since he assumed office in 2015. Speaking when he led members of… In "Slider 1" The administration of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State, through the State Ministry of Budget and Planning, yesterday, held a One Day Citizens’ Engagement on the 2022 Budget, at Nike Lake Resort, Enugu. The event, according to the Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Dr. David O. Ugwunta, was in line… In "Slider 1" Huawei has announced plans to invest $150 million in digital talent development over the next five years. This program will be beneficial to about 3 million youths. “Today we are announcing Huawei’s Seeds for the Future Program 2.0. As part of our commitment to continuously develop talent, we will invest… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!