With the clocks having gone forward, you might be tentatively taking your training outdoors again. With this in mind, reflective clothing is so important for being seen, especially while we’re still transitioning to the lighter days in spring. With this in mind, we’ve rounded up some of the best reflective items on the market to make sure you’re seen through dusk and dawn. Put a spring in your step with the MP Women’s Velocity Ultra Reflective Vest. Designed with sweat-wicking technology and perforation holes for zoned ventilation, there’s also a reflective strip across the chest, which improves your visibility. Buy for £28 from My Protein. This Proviz Sports Reflect360 Women’s Explorer Running Gilet has a really cool, rainbow coloured reflective detail across the top of the body that reflects light right off you. It’s also showerproof. Buy for £74.99 from Proviz Sports. Dutch sustainable brand MAIUM is perfect for urban cyclists. The Future Commuter Lightweight Parka in Silver is reflective, made from 77 recycled PET bottles, fully waterproof and transforms into a poncho for cycling. Buy for £159 from Maium. Take to the road in these New Balance Fresh Foam X 860v12 shoes. The midsole provides super soft cushioning while reflective accents are designed to catch the light from street lamps and cars. Buy for £125 from New Balance. These Sweaty Betty Power Reflective 7/8 Gym Leggings come with a grey reflective geo print which is great for dusk or dawn runners. They have the added bonus of being bum sculpting, too. Buy for £85 from Sweaty Betty. These Latched Revive leggings come to life under bright lights, thanks to reflective details; the matt grey dots illuminate in the night lights. Made from squat-proof material they also have handy pockets on both sides. Buy for £50 from Latched. Go all out with this PEARL iZUMi Zephrr Barrier Gilet. Made from recycled material and featuring PI Dry water-shedding technology it has reflective elements for low-light visibility. Buy for £89.99 from Freewheel. Designed by Sports is designed by women for women. Its Be Safe Be Seen Hoodie is made from a buttery soft material that’s sweat wicking and quick drying and it has fully reflective arms and a hood. Buy for £58.99 from Designed by Sports. Step up your outdoor game with the North Face VECTIV FutureLight Infinite Reflect Shoes. Not only are they waterproof, lightweight and great shock absorbers, but reflective details deliver low-light visibility for extra safety. Buy for £160 from North Face. Made with 100% recycled content, the Adidas Own The Run Windbreaker is designed to block out the elements, while reflective details light up in low light. Buy for £50.40 from Adidas. A favourite amongst Lululemon’s legions of fans, this Energy All-Sport Bra is built for comfort and versatility. The fluro orange colour will definitely get you seen on the streets. Buy for £38 from Lululemon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The 20-minute workout: Try this 1,000 reps challenge for a full-body burn MORE : Trying EMS: The intense celeb workout beloved by Poppy Delevingne and the Made in Chelsea cast MORE : There’s a Parkrun splinter group called Barkrun which lets you run with your dog Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Are you ready to step into spring in style? The warmer months are almost here, and we’re celebrating by doing some shopping (obviously)! It’s the perfect excuse to pick up new pieces so… In "Entertainment" It’s more like a giant art warehouse than a gallery (Picture: Marco De Swart/ANP/AFP via Getty Images) After the security guard liberates a biometric lock, myself and 12 others in protective gowns enter a vast white room lined with countless supple storage units. Along each hang paintings – 2,346 in… In "Metro" Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services. We’re officially in the age of the sweater vest. Or, perhaps we should say back in the age of the sweater vest. The best trends always come back around, and sweater vests are… In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!