The short videos emanating from the auditions show the innate talents of Nigerian youths, and we must say, they have been a mix of creative, shocking, surprising, and most especially, hilarious. The judges, Dbanj, Simi, and Obi Asika are having the time of their lives just being entertained by these very talented Nigerians, whether you agree that they are great or not. An exciting announcement was made recently in connection to the show and this news might not be surprising to some of the show’s die-hard fans. TECNO, the renowned smartphone brand, has made a comeback as the Official Smartphone partner in the show. The brand is no stranger to the show, having been co-headline sponsors in 2021. TECNO, a firm believer in talent investment, decided to collaborate again this year. It’s obvious that they see the genius in the youths and are always ready to support them in any way that they can. This wouldn’t be TECNO’s first stint giving Nigerian youths a platform to showcase their talents and chase their dreams of a better future. Over the years, the brand has rolled out some campaigns and sponsored events, aimed primarily at opening opportunities for Nigerians. From the annual Light Up Your Dream (LUYD) competition for Young entrepreneurs to Camission photography challenges, and more recently, the CAMON Short Film Challenge which gave budding filmmakers the chance to improve their skillset in the film industry. This year’s edition of Nigerian Idol is touted to be very competitive as several contestants are bringing their ‘A-game to the competition as they battle for a combination of 100 million naira worth of prizes, including an SUV, a recording deal with a top label, and a trip to Dubai. TECNO is sure to up the stakes of the show with interesting activities and rewards for both the contestants and viewers and home, so be sure to follow TECNO on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Tiktok for the latest information. Also, stick around your TV and never miss an episode of the show. Without a doubt, TECNO sees Nigeria as a place of talent, and the brand makes it a point to provide and support these individuals with a platform and spotlight! This season’s edition of Nigerian Idol promises to be nothing short of entertaining. The post Tecno x Nigerian Idol: Tecno Partners With Nigerian Idol Season 7 As The Official Smartphone Partner appeared first on Naijaloaded | Nigeria’s Most Visited Music & Entertainment Website. Tecno Sponsors Lucky Winners To Photography Masterclass With Amazing Klef #Tecnoxamazingklefacademy: Tecno Sponsors Upcoming Talents To Experience Photography On A Whole New Level With Amazing Klef In its consistent bid to champion promising talent among Nigerian Youths and help them in their search for excellence, Premium smartphone brand, TECNO, has… In "Entertainment" In its consistent bid to champion promising talent among Nigerian Youths and help them in their search for excellence, Premium smartphone brand, TECNO, has taken this resolve further into the creative industry. The brand recently sponsored budding photographers to learn the art of studio portrait photography, a creative training organized… In "Business" Africa’s preferred Mobile brand, TECNO, added another feather to its cap, receiving the “Innovative Smartphone Brand of The Year” Award at the 5th edition of Nigeria Tech Innovation & Telecoms Awards (NTITA) 2021. The event took place on Friday the 19th of November at the prestigious Oriental Hotel in Lekki,… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!