In commemoration of this year’s International’s Women Day, DLM Capital Group joined the global community to celebrate the social, economic, cultural, and political achievements of women, while also marking a call to action for accelerating women’s equality. In recognition of the importance of International Women’s Day and this year’s theme #BreaktheBias, the development finance institution organized a one-day virtual session with Dr. Ibukun Awosika as guest speaker where she spoke on “Speaking up against gender bias and rejecting stereotypes. She urged women at DLM Capital Group to change the narrative of being stereotyped or limiting themselves because they are women or because the society has compelled them to do. “Women need to continually be their own biggest fans and not tear each other down”, she said. Also commenting during the session, Head of Operations, DLM Capital Group, Kelechi Eke, urged the women to use the opportunity to reflect and start some deep conversations, introspection and empathy towards the real issues and plights that women in the workforce face.  DLM Capital Group Virtial IWD 2022 with Ibukun Awosika (1) DLM Capital Group is a Developmental Investment Bank that provides innovative solutions to economic and social developmental challenges that impact the everyday lives of people. Since its inception, the bank has concentrated on creating markets, products, and long-term financing solutions to key sectors of the Nigerian economy that would benefit end customers to improve their well-being. The investment bank comprises of subsidiaries in bespoke corporate finance advisory, trustee, asset management, and securities trading arms, to sovereign/sub-sovereign entities as well as private & non-private corporations. The bank thrives on funding sectors of the Nigerian economy using innovative financing techniques, in particular, securitization and other structured finance techniques. The post IWD 2022: DLM Capital Group Lends Voice to #BreakTheBias with Ibukun Awosika appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!