 Manchester United star David de Gea has taken to social media on Sunday evening, to send a message of encouragement to the club’s fanbase. De Gea’s efforts to smooth things over with the Red Devils faithful of course come on the back of his side’s latest alarming defeat earlier today. A trip across Manchester to take on Pep Guardiola’s City ultimately culminated in United being out-thought, outfought and frankly outplayed, en route to an eventual 4-1 defeat. Doubles on the part of Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez ensured that Manchester, for the time being at least, remains very much blue: IT’S FOUR! 😮 Riyad Mahrez adds his second goal of the game, after a VAR review shows he was onside, and wraps up the win for Manchester City! pic.twitter.com/EtzXATxfxp — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) March 6, 2022  Back on the United half of the divide, on the other hand, the situation is beginning to look an increasingly alarming one. Ralf Rangnick’s men have now failed to secure a victory in any of their last three outings across all competitions, a stretch which has seen the Reds slip out of the Premier League’s top-4, and forced to face up to the very real possibility of a season without Champions League football in 2022/23. One individual, though, who remains of the opinion that, when all is said and done, Manchester United will reposition themselves back at the summit of the English football pyramid is shot-stopper David de Gea. Taking to social media in the aftermath of his side’s derby defeat, de Gea, one of few Red Devils stars who could hold his head high on the back of Sunday’s action at the Etihad, urged the Red Devils faithful to keep the faith. This comes with the Spanish international adamant that he and his teammates will, ‘one day, get this club back to where it deserves to be’: We will, one day, get this club back to where it deserves to be. Today was another bad moment in a difficult season but when we still have this shirt to defend we will not give up. 🔴 pic.twitter.com/dkHn98yHSn — David de Gea (@D_DeGea) March 6, 2022    Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!