 The Conservative peer has held senior roles at several of the U.K.’s main broadcasters and has previously criticized the BBC license fee as a “regressive tax.” He must still face a pre-appointment cross-examination by MPs but is expected to take on the job barring any upset. Grade’s selection comes as the U.K. government ploughs ahead with controversial plans to regulate social media platforms and continues to call for reform of the BBC. The search for an Ofcom boss has taken more than two years, after Boris Johnson unsuccessfully attempted to install former Daily Mail Editor Paul Dacre. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries, who took the final decision on Grade’s nomination, said his “experience at the highest level of a number of broadcasters and his expert knowledge of the British media landscape makes him an ideal candidate for this role.” She predicted Ofcom would take on “an even more important role” as ministers try to clamp down on illegal and abusive material online. If approved, Grade would give up his seat on the Conservative benches in the House of Lords to sit as an independent crossbencher. Ofcom has opened 15 investigations into Kremlin-backed RT, formerly known as Russia Today, the U.K. media regulator said in a statement. The investigations relate to 15 editions of the hourly News program which were broadcast between 5 a.m. and 7 p.m. on February 27, Ofcom said. “Given the serious on-going situation in… In "Politics" Ofcom confirmed RT’s licence would be revoked with immediate effect (Picture: RT) RT’s deputy editor, Anna Belkina, said Ofcom’s decision to suspend the broadcaster’s UK licence has ‘robbed’ the British public of access to information, The state media broadcaster – which is currently off air in the EU and UK… In "Metro" RT will no longer be fit to hold a licence, according to Ofcom (Picture: REUTERS) Broadcasting watchdog Ofcom has made the decision to revoke Russia Today’s licence to broadcast, after finding it is ‘not fit’ to hold a licence in the UK.  The state-controlled network has been unavailable to stream… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!