The workshop by 9mobile had in attendance teachers across the state drawn from both the Junior and Senior secondary schools. The workshop is one of 9mobile’s effort to strengthen education, improve child school enrolment and ensure that teachers are abreast of current information to manage and influence the upcoming generation of students to be future agents of positive change. The facilitator at the workshop, Professor Abdalla Uba Adamu, a professor of Media and Cultural Communication and immediate past Vice-Chancellor of the National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), spoke on the theme – Promoting school enrolment and retention through innovative teaching methods and class management. He emphasized the important factors required to create an effective learning environment in the class. Furthermore, Prof. Dr. Adamu shared some of the current and emerging innovative teaching methods, practical steps teachers can take to stimulate students’ interest in learning and how teachers can apply child-friendly communication skills to build trust with students. As an educator, Professor Adamu says he “feels strongly that teachers can be effective role models to their students, while also leveraging technology to deliver effective lessons.” Also in attendance, the Commissioner of Education, Honourable Muhammad Sunusi Saidu Kiru, represented by the Executive Secretary, Kano State Library Board, Dr. Ibrahim Ahmad Bichi, challenged the teachers to put to practice and mirror what they have been taught. He said, “Teachers should be more friendly to their students and must be passionate about teaching which will help achieve the goal of learning and retention of students in the school system. In this modern day, we have to adopt technology in teaching students and equally inculcate our local language to teach effectively”. Dr. Bichi also assured the teachers that every observation made will be attended to and taken to the State Education Council level. In his conclusion, he thanked 9mobile for “organizing this important and timely initiative and extending the gesture to Kano State”. Commenting on the workshop, the Executive Director, Regulator and Corporate Affairs, 9mobile, Mr. Abdulrahman Ado, represented by PR Lead, 9mobile, Chineze Amanfo, remarked that 9mobile remains committed to prioritizing education and will continue to invest in initiatives that impact positively on the development of the sector. She said, “Education is dear to us, and the teachers are also dear to us which is why we started this programme last year with a pilot edition in Lagos.  L-r: Chineze Amanfo, PR Lead 9mobile; Ummi Sani Aliyu, Participant, and Babangida Mukaddas, Head Regional Sales, 9mobile, during 9mobile Train-the-Trainer teachers workshop in Kano. The feedback was amazing and we decided to bring this to Kano as well. As an ICT and communication company, we take care of the communication needs of our customers, so it is important to do this so that the communication gap between the teachers and students is bridged. As a corporate brand, education is one of our strategic CSR pillars, and we will continue to do this to support the effort of government. We recognize the efforts of our teachers, and we are here today to encourage and equip them with skills that will further enhance their effectiveness.” The post 9mobile Trains 100 Kano Teachers on Innovative Teaching Skills appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Youth friendly telecoms services provider, 9mobile, recently put together a train the trainer workshop for teachers within the Lagos State Education District III comprising Lagos Island and Eti-Osa local councils. The eye-opening session was packed with so much insight on creative teacher-pupil communication and general teaching skills. L-R- Lead Counsellor… In "Slider 1" Teacher The United States government exchange alumnae-led organisation, in collaboration with the the country’s Consulate General, has launched a Street to School Initiative. The initiative is tagged “Re-imagining EducationX 2021: The Teacher on the Move.” Teacher ICIR Through this teacher capacity-building workshop, 300 high school teachers from Lagos, Rivers and… In "Breaking News" A winner has emerged in the just concluded 9mobile Future CEO speech competition. She is 16 year old Jane-Frances Okorie, a student of Lagos State Civil Service Senior Model College student, Igbogbo, Ikorodu who defeated nine other finalists in a keenly contested speech battle held at the Immaculate Heart Comprehensive… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!