Drag Race UK Vs The World is coming to an end tonight, as Jujubee, Mo Heart, Blu Hydrangea and Baga Chipz battle it out in the grand finale to be crowned the winner. While the first season of the BBC Three show has been full of entertaining highlights, some fans have voiced their opinion on Twitter that in their eyes, favouritism was shown by the judges towards particular queens. Despite the fact that the rules of UK Vs The World stipulated that it was up to the queens who was sent home, these favouritism claims have loomed over the naysayers in the fandom. During a conversation with Metro.co.uk ahead of the final, Jujubee addressed this notion, as well expressing how ‘disappointed’ she felt in viewers who sent hateful messages to the cast a year after the competition was filmed. Jujubee, who made her Drag Race debut in season two in 2010 before returning in two seasons of All Stars, emphasised that ‘any queen that gets asked to compete on RuPaul’s Drag Race, especially RuPaul’s Drag Race UK Vs The World – we are the favourites. Every single one of us’. ‘RuPaul loves her girls, there’s a song called Bring Back My Girls. She’s created this entire universe for queens and we get to tell our stories,’ she stated. ‘As far as favouritism goes, I don’t see that. They are judging me the way that they have always judged me, where it’s like, we just want to see a better version of you every single time, we know you can do this.’ Having received some criticism from the judges on Drag Race UK Vs The World for not always reaching the high bar that was expected of her, Jujubee said: ‘When you go into a competition, of course the judges are going to have expectations.’ ‘But what I love most about this is that the fans are talking darling, and you know, when the fans talk, we get stronger,’ she added. While speaking to Metro.co.uk and other press, Mo also spoke out on the idea of there being favouritism on the show, and had one main question to ask in response, which was: ‘Who went home?’ ‘I think that’s the question,’ they quipped. ‘Producers didn’t keep them, RuPaul didn’t keep them. You can say the favouritism was whoever picked the lipstick and said I’m going to keep so-and-so, but there’s no production. Blame it on the edit baby. That’s just not real.’ In a time when fans are more passionate than ever across social media platforms including Twitter, Instagram and Reddit, the queens on Drag Race have had to deal with a copious amount of derogatory comments online, including death threats. Jujubee explained that while in the past she has received hate from people who are homophobic, in her experience, it has been ‘interesting’ to be on the receiving end of hate from within the queer community. ‘To watch this all happen again, it kind of made me a little disappointed really, in how the fans have been reacting, not just to me, to the other queens, because this was filmed a year ago in the midst of the pandemic,’ she said. ‘Us queens are here to entertain you and we just want to spread love and light, and RuPaul’s always saying everybody say love, and just say that. Go to the queens you love and say that.’ The performer stressed that her course of action when it comes to trolls is to block them, before comparing the ways in which people act when they have been hurt in their own lives. ‘There are people who are hurt who don’t want other people to feel the same pain, and then there are those who are sleepers and they’re hurt and they want everybody to feel their misery, and I just have to separate that because it’s not about me,’ she said. Mo revealed that when the Drag Race UK Vs The World queens started receiving death threats, ‘the BBC was like, we want to know so we can therefore send, essentially, the police or whoever after them to make sure this does not continue’.  Jade Thirlwall makes ‘shady’ wisecrack over Jesy Nelson’s Little Mix exit on Drag Race UK   More than 50 employees swindled into working for a company that never even existed   Which queen was eliminated in Drag Race UK Vs The World semi-final?  Blu added: ‘Drag Race is so fun, why do people have to ruin it? I remember watching Drag Race in 2012 when you had to wait a full year for the next season, I was obsessed with it and the people on it. ‘I definitely wasn’t online sending people death threats, and it’s just sad to see. It’s a TV show, it’s been a year since we filmed this, just get over yourself!’ Drag Race UK Vs The World final airs tonight at 9pm on BBC Three and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : RuPaul’s Drag Race fans throw support behind Willow Pill after they come out as trans MORE : Drag Race UK Vs The World: Jade Thirlwall makes ‘shady’ wisecrack over Jesy Nelson’s Little Mix exit Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!