A fresh appeal for information has been launched 20-years after the body of a woman was found in woods in Norfolk. Michelle Bettles from Norwich was just 22 when her body was found by a dog walker in Scarning, near Dereham, on Sunday, March 31 2002. Post-mortem results showed she had been strangled. A murder investigation was launched, but her killer was never found. Now, two decades on from Michelle’s death, police are hoping new DNA techniques may help solve the case and give her family some closure. Michelle, who was a sex worker, was last seen alive in Norwich’s red-light district on the night of Thursday, March 28 2002. In a step police later described as ‘unusual’, she failed to keep an appointment with a regular client she had organised to meet not far from her address. CCTV footage showed her walking along St Benedict’s Street towards Norwich city centre, in the opposite direction to where she had been due to meet the client, leading police to suspect she never intended to make the appointment. Later that night a number of people who knew Michelle reported seeing her in various locations around Norwich’s red light district with the last sighting being around midnight. What happened to her between then and her body being discovered by the side of a country track some 20 miles from Norwich, has never been answered. Andy Guy, Norfolk Constabulary’s major crime review manager, said he believed the public has ‘vital information’ including their DNA, which could help solve the cold case. ‘As part of a forensic review, we currently have items at the laboratory and seek to identify DNA profiles found in connection with Michelle,’ he said. ‘This has not been possible before, so I would ask if any person has had legitimate, personal contact with Michelle to come forward and be eliminated. ‘Equally, we are eager to hear from anyone with useful information about the last few days of Michelle’s life. ‘We know that Michelle had a number of acquaintances in Norwich and I am hoping that over time, situations or allegiances may have changed which will give someone the confidence to provide us with any new information which could be the key in solving Michelle’s murder. ‘As part of the review, we are also looking at some information that suggests there was a potential sighting of Michelle in the City Road area, walking towards Queens Road just after 10.30pm on the evening of Thursday, March 28. ‘There are also other uncorroborated sightings of her around the Rouen Road, Ber Street area.’ Michelle’s death happened during the Easter weekend of 2002. The same weekend the Queen Mother died and Unchained Melody by Gareth Gates was number one in the charts. Police are hoping this information may jog someone’s memory. Anyone with information should contact the Major Crime Review Team on 01953 423819 or email unsolvedcasereviews@norfolk.police.uk. Alternatively, people can access the force’s public portal or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!