{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T1M6S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/25/13/55796731-0-image-a-29_1648214817301.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-25T13:26:08+0000","description":"The midwife who delivered Emmerdale's Amy Walsh's baby worked with husband Toby Alexander Smith on EastEnders.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/25/2373658159989935324/480x270_MP4_2373658159989935324.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Emmerdale star Amy Walsh and EastEnders star Toby Alexander-Smith have revealed that the midwife who delivered their baby actually worked in soapland with them. The loved-up couple, who met in the audience of Strictly Come Dancing in 2019, welcomed their baby daughter Bonnie late last year. While Amy (Tracy Metcalfe) had a tough birth, she and Toby (Gray Atkins) actually had a sweet connection to the midwife who helped them through it. ‘A woman called Tamsyn came on the set of EastEnders one day,’ Toby recalled. ‘My character Gray was filming these premature birth scenes with the character Chelsea [played by Zaraah Abrahams] and Tamsyn was basically overlooking all the supporting artists, making sure everything looked as realistic as possible. ‘We got chatting and she said, “I’m a midwife at Barnet,” and I said, “Well, we’re planning on having our baby at Barnet,” and we just established this lovely relationship, this connection, and we spoke two months prior.’ ‘We did some antenatal classes over Zoom with her,’ Amy added. ‘I’d never met her in the flesh and she was like, “I really want to be there to deliver your baby, let me know when you’re going in.” ‘It happened to be Boxing Day that we were in there. She’d booked time off because she’s got kids and she came in especially. She was amazing. We love you so much, thank you! She just made our journey so much easier, because it’s just scary, isn’t it?’ So adorable! https://www.instagram.com/p/CTfudc3tiwK/ Amy and Toby confirmed they had welcomed their little girl in January this year, telling OK! magazine: ‘Well…it’s been a busy week! Hope you all had a good one. HAPPY NEW YEAR from the three of us.’ It wasn’t all smooth sailing during the birth, with Amy adding to the outlet: ‘So it wasn’t the natural labour I would have chosen.’ She had tested positive for Group B strep – an infection which adults can carry but with pregnancy it can affect the baby if you’ve got it at the time of labour. It meant she had to be induced because the risk of infection was heightened.  Coronation Street major death shock, Emmerdale’s Marlon trauma and 8 more soap spoilers   The Carters in agony as plans for Tina’s funeral are made in EastEnders   Mack and Mia left terrified as Gray haunts them in EastEnders  However, a couple of months on, it seems Amy and Toby are over the moon in their baby bubble. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Maisie Smith wows fans with workout transformation on beach MORE : EastEnders star Melissa Suffield in amazing nude body positivity Oh! Shirley isn’t happy (Picture: BBC) Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) is set to comfort Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) following the discovery Tina Carter has been murdered in EastEnders, but will a simple hug lead to something more? Tomorrow night, after the boxing match fundraiser, Mick and Shirley (Linda Henry) will… In "Metro" Gray and Abi in EastEnders (Picture: BBC/ITV/Lime Pictures) Things are changing forever in soapland this week as the new schedules kick in. Emmerdale and Coronation Street have brand new slots on ITV, EastEnders is even changing days and Hollyoaks is being bold enough to put their first look episodes online.… In "Metro" Rose’s returning scenes as Frankie Lewis will soon air (Pictures: BBC) Strictly Come Dancing and EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis has won a very special, inspirational award. Rose, 27, plays Frankie Lewis in the BBC One soap and won last year’s Strictly alongside professional partner Giovanni Pernice. The star triumphed at… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!