 101 would cover reports on Tuesday that claimed Roman Abramovich will receive bids to sell Chelsea this week with at least three parties circling the Stamford Bridge club in the belief the Russian billionaire, for the first time, will consider a sale. This of course comes less than a week after Chelsea released a statement confirming that Roman Abramovich, the billionaire owner of Chelsea, confirmed his intention to ‘give trustees of Chelsea’s charitable Foundation the stewardship and care of Chelsea FC’. Statement from Club Owner Roman Abramovich. — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) February 26, 2022 Even after Tuesday’s news, though, there were still likely some Chelsea fans who were doubting whether Abramovic would actually look to sell the club. Now though, fresh reports on Wednesday point towards the very real possibility of Abramovich selling Chelsea. As per the Telegraph, Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss has confirmed he is one of the parties who has been given the opportunity to make an offer for Chelsea: “Like all other oligarchs, he (Abramovich) is also in a panic. Abramovich is trying to sell all his villas in England,” Wyss stated. “He also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich. “I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. You know, Chelsea owe him £2bn. “As of today, we don’t know the exact selling price. I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners. But I have to examine the general conditions first. But what I can already say: I’m definitely not doing something like this alone. If I buy Chelsea, then with a consortium consisting of six to seven investors.” In terms of a potential fee, the Telegraph report that interested parties are thought to have been told that Abramovich wants around £4bn for Chelsea. Luton Town vs Chelsea betting tips: FA Cup preview, predictions and odds Mallorca vs Real Sociedad betting tips: La Liga preview, predictions and odds  A fresh update on the Chelsea FC/Roman Abramovich situation has emerged on Tuesday evening. The headline news in the footballing world over the last few days came on February 26th when Chelsea released a statement confirming that Roman Abramovich, the billionaire owner of Chelsea, confirmed his intention to ‘give trustees… In "Sports" The Russian oligarch is trying to offload the club ‘quickly’ (Pictures: Getty Images) Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss claims Roman Abramovich has offered to sell him and three others Chelsea football club but the Russian is demanding in excess of £2billon. The 55-year-old oligarch is under the spotlight due to alleged… In "Metro" The sole owner of the English Premier League club, Chelsea, Roman Abramovich has offered to sell the club amid Russia and Ukraine cold war. Reports claimed that Abramovich is demanding the sum of £2billon from Swiss billionaire, Hansjorg Wyss. Naija News learnt that Abramovich is desperate to sell off all… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!