 He, therefore, banned with immediate effect the wearing of T-shirts and face caps with inscriptions such as ‘Special Forces’, ‘Commando’, ‘Gallant MOPOL’, ‘SCORPION’ while on routine operations. According to the statement, “Premised on this, the IGP has ordered an immediate ban on such unapproved apparel. The IGP has described as unacceptable, the use of unapproved apparels, noting that uniforms, which is a means of identification, has been ab#sed by these officers who engage in improper dressing. He equally decries the fear this unwholesome practice creates in the minds of innocent Nigerians. The IGP, therefore, ordered that henceforth, all police officers detailed for patrol, stop and search, checkpoint, and other routine operational duties must be in approved uniforms for easy identification. Consequently, the IGP has ordered that all Police disciplinary units, particularly the Force Provost Marshal, the IGP X-Squad, and Monitoring Unit to ensure the strict enforcement of the directive with severe sanctions for erring officers. The IGP has equally warned that all supervisory officers would be held vicariously liable in the event that personnel under their command vi#late this order.” The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Usman Alkali Baba, has expressed dismay at the flagrant violation of the approved Nigeria Police Force dress code by officers on patrol and guard, stop and search, and other routine police operations; who have formed the habit of wearing t-shirts and face caps with… In "Slider 1" A file photo of a police officer displaying the crest of the Nigeria Police Force. PHOTO: Sodiq Adelakun/Channels TV   The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Usman Alkali Baba, has mandated all officers to put on approved uniforms while on patrol, frowning at those who wear t-shirts and face caps.  This… In "Slider 2" The Inspector-General of Police (IGP), Mr. Usman Baba, has banned, with immediate effect, the use of unapproved apparels while on duty. A statement issued by the Acting Force Public Relations Officer (FPRO), CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi on Friday, said the police chief, “Expressed dismay at the flagrant violation of the approved… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!