Julia Fox has waded into Kanye West’s newest drama as she insists he is ‘harmless’ following his ban from Instagram. The Donda rapper, 44, was hit with a 24-hour suspension from the platform after continued swipes at ex Kim Kardashian, 41 and her new boyfriend Pete Davidson, 28. A spokesperson for Meta, Instagram’s parent company, confirmed to TMZ that Kanye’s posts violated Instagram’s policies on hate speech, harassment and bullying. As a result, he won’t be able to post, send DMs, or comment for 24 hours. The spokesperson added that they will take additional steps if there are more violations. Uncut Gems star Julia, 32, was asked by TMZ if she thought her former flame could pose a danger to Kim and Pete, and she was confident that wasn’t a possibility. ‘Kanye is harmless,’ the model insisted. She said the online threats was Kanye’s ‘artistic, creative expression,’ adding: ‘I know it’s aggressive but if it came down to it I don’t think Kanye would hurt a fly.’ When asked, however, if the rapper could pose a danger to himself, she admitted she ‘wasn’t sure’ and said that while she hasn’t spoken to him recently, she would give him a call. The pair enjoyed a high-profile, rollercoaster of a whirlwind romance in early 2022, but split shortly after Kanye began posting rants on social media about his wife and her new romance. Kanye has been taking aim at SNL star Pete amid his relationship with Kim, who filed for divorce from the rapper in February last year. And the Golddigger star became more frequent and frustrated since the couple went Instagram official with their relationship in March. On Sunday, Kanye shared several Instagram posts and videos on Sunday, sparked by Kim allowing their eight-year-old daughter North to upload a TikTok video again. In one of his now-deleted videos, Kanye revealed the comedian sent him a string of text messages including a photo of him allegedly lying bed with Kim. Kim and Kanye share four children: North, Saint, Psalm and Chicago, and Kanye has claimed his wife is trying to keep him away from his children.  Jussie Smollett to be released from jail on bond during conviction appeal   Britney Spears sparks concern from fans after Instagram page disappears   Tom Hiddleston and girlfriend Zawe Ashton ‘engaged’ after playing husband and wife  However the star finally hit back at these claims online as she asked him to ‘stop this narrative’, writing: ‘You were just here this morning picking up the kids for school.’ Despite all the drama and his temporary Instagram ban, Kanye was all smiles as he was spotted enjoying a basketball with son Saint on Wednesday night. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West all smiles despite Instagram ban as he and mini-me son Saint enjoy basketball game MORE : Kanye West suspended from posting on Instagram amid Pete Davidson and Kim Kardashian drama Kanye West Michael Wyke/AP/Shutterstock Kanye West has been suspended from Instagram for 24 hours in the wake of confrontational comments made on the platform. Kanye West's Most Outrageous Moments Read article The rapper, 44, has been restricted from posting, commenting and sending direct messages, a Meta spokesperson confirmed to Variety… In "Entertainment" The duo were matching in black in Miami (Picture: Mega) Kanye West was spotted leaving his hotel in Miami on Thursday with new love interest Chaney Jones after his estranged wife Kim Kardashian was granted her request to be declared legally single by a judge in their ongoing divorce proceedings.… In "Metro" Kanye West has been taking aim at Pete Davidson (Picture: Getty / Instagram @davesirus) Kanye West has been suspended from posting on Instagram for 24 hours during his feud with Pete Davidson. A spokesperson for Meta, Instagram’s parent company, confirmed to TMZ that Kanye’s recent posts violated Instagram’s policies on… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!