Calling foodies of all tastes and varieties! We’ve scoured the country to find the hottest things in food and drink this week. From a record-breaking big Greggs (inside a massive Primark) to the sexy return of an all-time favourite martini, we’ve covered every taste. Read on for a full selection of our picks. Innovative foodie hub Carousel, in London’s Charlotte Street, is hosting leading female chefs across five nights in collaboration with award-winning food writer Clare Finney for International Women’s Day. She has curated a programme featuring, among others, Angela Hartnett of Michelin-starred Murano, broadcaster and author Romy Gill, and Julie Lin of Julie’s Kopitiam in Glasgow. A portion of each ticket sold will go to a women’s charity chosen by the chefs. Today until Mar 12 set menus £65. The Porn Star Martini celebrates its 20th birthday this year — and now you can raise your own glass (as if we needed much persuasion) with a dedicated Oxo Tower cocktail kit helping you create your own version of London bar owner Douglas Ankrah’s world-famous 2002 tipple. Serving 14, the kit contains 70cl of Crystal Head vodka, passion fruits and limes, all the requisite syrups and purées, and a choice of prosecco or champagne. Cheers! £85 to £105 from Oxo. Having just embarked on a fashion deal with Primark, Greggs has also opened its biggest outlet yet, in the world’s largest branch of Primark, in Birmingham. Tasty by Greggs, above, features neon signage, doughnut-shaped swings, a refillable water station and a self-serve coffee cart, as well as all the treats you’d expect, from vegan rolls to pizza and cakes. Details at Greggs or Primark. Tinned seafood has been taking over social media, with the main players Spanish and Portuguese. Now British chef Mitch Tonks, founder of the pioneering Rockfish restaurants, has launched his own range (the first Brit to do so). Rockfish Tinned Seafood uses fresh produce sourced from the south coast of England, so pep up your pescatarian dishes with the likes of mackerel in olive oil, Mount’s Bay sardines in chilli or Brixham cuttlefish in ink sauce. Buy it from £5 from Rockfish. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : McDonald’s joins boycott of the Russian economy and closes 850 restaurants MORE : Where in London to donate clothes, food and toiletries for Ukraine Greggs has warned it is facing an increase in running costs of up to 7% (Picture: PA/Shutterstock) It’s bad news for sausage roll devotees as Greggs has warned prices could rise for a second time this year due to soaring staff and ingredient costs. The bakery chain is facing an… In "Metro"  Similar post Now is the ideal time to visit Dubai as there is so much to explore, both within the city and during Dubai Expo 2020 with an unparalleled offering of exceptional beach resorts, chic city break hotels, an action-packed calendar of events and plenty of sunshine, Dubai is the perfect winter… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!