{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T35S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/15/12/55378087-0-image-a-16_1647347097691.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-15T12:24:14+0000","description":"The Good Morning Britain presenter asked which pizza being made for Ukrainian refugees fleeing the invasion was the favourite.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/15/4469493411400205598/480x270_MP4_4469493411400205598.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Richard Madeley infuriated GMB viewers after interrupting guest David Fox-Pitt, while chatting about helping refugees between the border of Ukraine and Poland. David is one of hundreds of Britons who have made their way to the Ukrainian border to try and assist refugees who are escaping their now war-torn nation. He’s currently in the nearby village of Medyka, Poland, and dialled into GMB on Tuesday morning to chat about the work he is doing there with his team. They travelled 2600 miles to the Medyka crossing with their pizza oven, as they continue to work to provide food for refugees. However, whilst speaking to Susanna Reid and her co-star Richard, the latter interrupted the guest in order to ask about pizza toppings. At one point, David had shown off those who were out helping the effort 24/7 and said: ‘I also wanted to mention the amazing…’ But Richard cut in, and asked: ‘What’s the favourite pizza topping? What’s the favourite pizza topping?’ Slightly taken aback, he replied: ‘We do two. The favourite one is the pepperoni with a lovely cheese.’ Those tuning in were immediately critical of Richard’s line of questioning, pointing out it was probably the last thing on the mind of those there, at the moment. One shared on Twitter: ‘Richard Madeley asking at safety camp, what bereft, frightened, war-torn homeless refugees FAVOURITE PIZZA is? This is a truly ridiculous man #GMB.’ ‘People starving and fleeing a war zone and all Richard Madeley wants to know is what’s their favourite pizza topping #GMB,’ a viewer wrote. Another agreed: ‘#GMB With all the questions Richard Madeley could have asked about Ukrainians who finally get to safety, he asked what was the most popular pizza topping! Idiot!!’ ‘”What the favourite pizza topping?” Richard’s interviewing technique knows no bounds! Unbelievable! #GMB,’ added someone else. It’s not the first time Richard has been criticised for his presenting style, as he was reprimanded by fans on Monday for making an ‘insensitive’ comment. During Monday’s programme, he chatted to Ukrainian television journalist Olena Gnes, who came to the show from a bomb shelter and spoke about the airstrikes in Kyiv. Olena said of a recent strike: I know that it was very close because we heard the explosion. We are very close to the place, so when it happened I heard a loud noise and my daughter woke up. It was very close.’  Coronation Street spoilers: Death shock as cast film funeral   This Morning viewers baffled by chip butty tutorial as they point out major flaws   ‘I feel sick to think I ever watched Jeremy Kyle’: Shock as dark show lifts lid  Richard’s interjection was criticised, when he said: ‘We know that two innocent people were killed, at least three injured. Those figures may go up as reports come in. You’re in a make-shift shelter very close to where this happened. What is your shelter?’ He also came under fire last week after making a joke about Russia and calling it a ‘no fry zone’ after McDonalds announced it would be leaving the country. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Homes Under The Hammer’s Martin Roberts breaks down at humanitarian efforts on the Poland-Ukraine border: ‘I need to go and process this’ MORE : Why is Loose Women not on today and when will it be back? Millions of Ukrainians have had to leave their homes after the Russian invasion (Picture: Getty Images) Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has created the fastest-growing refugee crisis in Europe since the Second World War, according to the UN. Now, nearly 2 million people have fled Ukraine and are in desperate need… In "Metro" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Holly Willoughby has hit out at the Home Office, saying the UK is ‘clearly not doing enough’ to help Ukrainian refugees. Speaking alongside Phillip Schofield and Matthew Wright about the war in… In "Metro" Home Secretary Priti Patel has faced criticism over her handling of the crisis (Picture: PA / EPA / Getty) Boris Johnson has been urged to sack Priti Patel over the Home Office’s handling of the Ukrainian refugee crisis. Liberal Democrats leader, Sir Ed Davey, branded the Home Secretary’s response to… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!