We might complain about cramped Tubes or being crowded onto buses – but one man’s daily commute is a tighter squeeze than we could ever imagine. Alex Orchin, from East Sussex, drives a tiny three-wheeler that reaches top speeds of… 23mph. But his car boasts one very enviable feature – it costs less than a tenner to fill up with petrol. His blue Peel P50 has a tiny motor and a five-litre petrol tank. Fuel costs are causing havoc for many UK drivers, but Alex says he only spends  ‘around £7 or so’ at any one time. The sight of the car enthusiast squeezed into his car turns heads both on the forecourt and on the roads. Alex is 5ft 11, compared to his Peel P50 car which is 137cm long, 104cm wide and 120cm high. He said: ‘The car always gets attention – it is quite staggering because to me it’s just a tiny car. ‘It’s much smaller than you think it is – everyone says that when they see the car in person. ‘I can fit a shopping bag down the left of the car by the handbrake, but nothing else.’ Alex is often seen whizzing around his village of Wivelsfield – claiming tiny parking spaces other drivers have abandoned, or reaching out of his window to post letters. His one-seater car is so small he is unable to fit a rucksack or a suitcase inside it. Alex’s knees are usually squeezed in on each side of the steering wheel. But the 31-year-old wouldn’t have it any other way.  Cop sacked after lying to get cheap council tax for 10 years   Russia’s secret embassy in UK countryside targeted by locals with Ukraine flags  He said: ‘Normally if I pull up in a Morris Minor it is car people and enthusiasts that want to come and talk with me. ‘But my Peel P50 attracts absolutely everyone, including people who aren’t interested in cars. ‘They think it’s so hilarious and children love it! The under 10-year-olds especially go mad for it.’ Alex has travelled the length and breadth of Britain in his Peel P50. He completed a 1,488-mile journey from John O’Groats to Land’s End last December. He arrived just in time for his three-week goal – and raised more than £11,000 for Children in Need. Alex first became interested with cars after watching Top Gear as a child. He said: ‘I saw the P50 on an episode of Top Gear when Jeremy Clarkson was driving it and I was completely captivated by it. ‘I got fixated on this idea of having a P50 but when I saw an original was £100,000 it kind of killed it off. ‘Then three years ago I bought one of the newer ones from a guy in Wales, so I’m only the second owner. ‘The newer ones were made in 2017 and they are a bit more eco-friendly.’ The P50 was first made on the Isle of Man in the 1960s, and in 2010 was named the smallest production car ever built in the Guinness World Records book. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Families are having to make hard decisions due to rising fuel prices (Picture: Getty Images) Rising fuel costs means some parents could be forced to teach their children from home, an MP has warned. The price of petrol and diesel has reached record levels due to the ongoing conflict between… In "Metro" Switching from petrol to Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) can save Nigeria as much as N3 trillion yearly but this requires a political will to fix the teething problems facing the country’s domestic gas sector, experts have said. The world is turning away from petrol to CNG as an alternative energy… In "Business" A motorist fill his tank with fuel bought with a jerrycan to avoid long queues formed during a fuel shortage in Lagos and neighbouring Ogun State, on March 3, 2022.  PIUS UTOMI EKPEI / AFP   Weaving in between the Lagos traffic, hawkers selling plantain snacks and water more recently… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!