 Players on the books of Premier League giants Arsenal, both permanent and on loan, took centre stage on Friday night, as France emerged victorious from a showdown with Cote d’Ivoire. The friendly matchup, played out at Olympique Marseille’s Stade Velodrome, came to a close a short time ago. It was underdogs the Ivory Coast who opened the game’s scoring early on, when a moment of individual brilliance on the part of Nicolas Pepe saw the Arsenal wide-man dance his way beyond Lucas Hernandez, before picking out the far corner of Hugo Lloris’ net: Nicolas Pépé gives Ivory Coast the lead against France! Make sure you stay for the celebrations 🕺 pic.twitter.com/t1WCGLeJpk — ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) March 25, 2022  A one-time Gunner soon levelled things up, though, as Theo Hernandez’s delivery to the back post was nodded home by the returning Olivier Giroud: Giroud fires straight back! 💥 pic.twitter.com/L7dZvrvRcH — ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) March 25, 2022  And, just when it appeared as though proceedings were set to play out into a 1-1 draw, deep into injury-time, France struck in decisive fashion. A whipped ball into the visitors’ area, courtesy of on-loan Arsenal midfielder Matteo Guendouzi, was met by the head of Aurelien Tchouameni, who capped a stellar display on an individual level courtesy of the game’s winning goal: Tchouaméni wins it for France in the 92nd minute vs. Ivory Coast! pic.twitter.com/D6CzVlcF2a — ESPN FC (@ESPNFC) March 25, 2022  The Arsenal-inspired contributions at the Stade Velodrome did not end there, though. This came as, just shy of the hour mark, William Saliba, on loan at Marseille alongside the aforementioned Guendouzi for the season, was introduced off the bench for his senior France bow. And it proved an outing to remember for the gifted young stopper, whose every touch was met by rapturous applause and celebration on the part of the home crowd: Enormous, deafening cheer and applause every time that William Saliba touches the ball in the Stade Vélodrome – the support is awesome. — Get French Football News (@GFFN) March 25, 2022    The Marseille contingent in attendance at France’s meeting with Côte d’Ivoire this evening made use of the opportunity to reveal their appreciation for Arsenal talent William Saliba. Friday night, thus far, has proven an altogether special one for youngster Saliba. This comes with the former Saint-Etienne man, just days… In "Sports" A member of the Arsenal loan army has this week revealed his admiration for Gunners boss Mikel Arteta, revealing that he has ‘never seen’ another tactician come close to the tactical nous boasted by the one-time Everton standout. The player to have taken the opportunity to lavish praise on… In "Sports" Nicolas Pepe played a key role in Arsenal’s comeback against Wolves on Thursday night (Picture: Getty) Mikel Arteta revealed Nicolas Pepe messaged him in the early hours of Thursday morning confirming he wanted to be part of the Arsenal squad against Wolves, despite the birth of his son less than… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!