WWE legend Brock Lesnar has confirmed he actually retired from wrestling early in the pandemic. The current WWE Champion is hoping to successful defend his gold at tonight’s Madison Square Garden show so he can put it on the line in a title versus title unification match against Universal Champion Roman Reigns at WrestleMania 38 next month. Fans have been loving the Beast Incarnate’s most recent run since his return at SummerSlam 2021, but it turns out the wrestling landscape could have looked very different. Speaking on the Michael Kay Show – as transcribed by Fightful – he revealed: ‘When I was younger I thought, “I wanna retire when I’m 40”. I actually retired when Covid hit and my contract was up in 2020. ‘Full circle Brock Lesnar story, I had my first wrestling match in Minnesota was in a garage with no people. 20 years later, had a WWE Title match at WrestleMania in a warehouse in front of no people. 20 years, full circle. I was like “I’m out.” ‘ Thankfully for fans – and WWE as a whole – the champ decided to make his return, and he had a typically perfect explanation for that comeback. ‘Cha-ching,’ he laughed. It all turned out very different, with a big payday being enough to tempt Lesnar back and go on a fantastic run of form with fans seeing a whole other side to him from a character standpoint. A big part of that was also his new look, which saw him grow out of his facial hair and sport a ponytail – and it turns out that was all because of a bet with his children.  Kanye West defends controversial abortion comments about daughter North   How to watch Star Trek: Picard season 2 in the UK   WWE SmackDown results, grades: Johnny Knoxville helps Ricochet beat Sami Zayn for title  ‘My whole life I’ve been wearing a flat top, crew cut. In UFC I grew my beard out once. I said, “I’m gonna let it all go [once I left WWE]. Last summer, before any of this evolved, it was so hot, I said “I’m gonna cut my hair,”‘ he explained. ‘So my kids cut my hair. They said, “We’re going to give you a mohawk.” Then they go, “I bet you won’t wear a ponytail.” ‘I wasn’t gonna lose a bet to my kids. So, I wore this look. It wasn’t a mastermind [plan], it was a joke. Here I am. Brock Lesnar is a big ass joke!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE legend Brock Lesnar reveals anxiety battle as he takes days to recover from being in front of huge crowds MORE : WWE SmackDown results, grades: Johnny Knoxville helps Ricochet beat Sami Zayn in huge championship match Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!