 The party described the arrest of the former governor as a “politically-motivated witch-hunt”, saying that the EFCC had resorted to the use of fifth columnists. The anti-graft agency had arrested Obiano on Thursday night at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, Lagos, hours after he handed over as Governor of Anambra State. Addressing journalists in Awka, on Saturday, the National Coordinator, APGA Media Warriors Forum, Evang Chinedu Obigwe, said the allegation that the former governor misappropriated N42bn, out of which N37bn was used to fund political activities was baseless and does not hold waters. Obigwe said efforts by the EFCC to dent the hard-earned reputation of Obiano would not succeed as he remains innocent until proven guilty by a competent court of law. He said as of today, Nigerians don’t have confidence in the anti-graft agency anymore, saying that “when they see the real corrupt politicians joining APC, they would turn to toothless bulldogs. “But when an opposition figure is involved they will be barking as if the person committed any crime whereas they are doing the evil bidding of their paymasters.” He said, “EFCC, as usual, has resorted to the use of fifth columnists for the media trial of Obiano. This is evidence showing that they are executing a politically motivated witch hunt plot against him. “How can you deny last year that you were not aware that Obiano was placed on EFCC watch list only for you now to come in March and be claiming that he has been on your watch list for a long time. “As a former governor, Obiano was finishing his tenure, EFCC did not deem it necessary to extend an invitation to him to visit their office at the end of his tenure for interrogation. “In the absence of an invitation from the EFCC, you don’t expect him not to travel out of the country to go and enjoy a well-deserved rest. I don’t agree with the claim that Obiano was running out of the country before EFCC arrested him. “He was living his normal life and going about his normal business because he has no skeleton in his cupboard. Assuming EFCC extended an invitation to him and he refused to go, it will be a different issue. “If EFCC claims that he enjoyed immunity while he was governor, they should have extended an invitation to him and made it clear to him that they want him to report to their office immediately after handing over to his successor. Had it been the agency did this, Obiano will honour their invitation. “Another funny thing is that EFCC did not use the same yardstick they are using to measure Obiano on other former governors, especially those that joined APC for the purpose of escaping prosecution. “APGA as a party says no to EFCC media trial of former governor Obiano because injustice to one is an injustice to all.” The post Obiano’s arrest is political witch-hunt – APGA slams EFCC over media trial appeared first on Expressive Info. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!