The Spring (Vernal) Equinox occurs today, March 20, bringing with it the changing of the seasons – taking us from winter to spring. The days start to get longer, with brighter mornings to help you get out of bed, and beautiful sunsets to unwind to in the evening. As we prepare to welcome warmer weather, here’s a quick look at what the spring equinox is and when summer is set to start… The Spring Equinox occurs in March when the sun crosses the Earth’s equator, and day and night are equal lengths of time. In other words, it’s the first day of spring. This year, it will take place today (Sunday, March 20, 2022). It happens once a year. There is also an Autumn Equinox which marks the start of – you guessed it – autumn. This year, it will fall on September 23. The date on which summer begins varies, depending on how you prefer to look at it. From an astrological point of view, summer won’t start until the Summer Solstice – which marks the longest day of the year. This year, 2022, Summer Solstice falls on Tuesday, June 22. From a meteorological perspective, the seasons are broken up into three-month blocks. Summer starts at the beginning of June, continuing throughout July and August. September marks the start of autumn, with December the beginning of winter and March the beginning of spring. There’s a Winter Solstice, too, taking place on 21 December. Spring and autumn each have an equinox, and that summer and winter each have a solstice. But what’s the difference? Don’t they all just represent a day that marks the beginning of the season? Well, a solstice occurs when the days and nights are different lengths. For example, the Summer Solstice marks the longest day of the year, which means the shortest night – and the Winter Solstice has the longest night, and shortest day. Whereas the length of days and nights on equinoxes don’t vary – it’s all equal. MORE : How the Spring Equinox will affect your star sign – your horoscope MORE : Ways to energetically clean your home for the spring equinox Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!