Readers reveal the last video game they happen to have played and what it says about their general gaming habits. The subject for this week’s Hot Topic was suggested by reader 84Colbat, and to make sure there was a variety of responses you weren’t allowed to say anything that had been released this year (to ensure everyone didn’t only end up talking about Elden Ring). Interestingly though, From’s epic did still have a big impact on many people’s choices, with many dipping into previous titles like Bloodborne in order to get in the mood or decide whether they wanted to buy the new game. You’ve been punk’dThe last game I played was Cyberpunk 2077 on PlayStation 5. I say ‘played’ because I didn’t finish it, after getting bored with it about seven or eight hours in. The thought that I could be playing Elden Ring instead probably had something to do with that but I just found the whole experience very try-hard and aggravating. I didn’t like any of the characters, the city setting was much less impressive than I was expecting, and the gun combat isn’t very good. The car driving is even worse though and just the thought of playing everything for another 30 hours or so to finish it was too much to bear. I got it very cheap, by buying the PlayStation 4 version, so I don’t feel I missed out, but it has cemented my feeling that CD Projekt have lost their mojo. I was avoiding Elden Ring because of the difficulty, but the response has been so positive that I’m tempted to give it a try anyway. After the disappointment of Cyberpunk 2077 I don’t see how it can’t be better.Focus A Link to UbisoftThe last game I played for any time before Elden Ring was Immortals Fenyx Rising. I really enjoyed it, even though GC said it was like a Zelda game. I gave it a go anyway and thought it was so good I’d give the original a go too at some stage. Despite being a Ubisoft game, the protagonist is likeable. She (I played as the female avatar) was not a usual gung-ho action hero. She was full of doubts and wishing that her brother would do it instead. Relatable and in some parts funny. Some tricky puzzles, beautiful scenery and some massive enemies made this game just zing along. If anyone wants to play a Zelda game but doesn’t want a mute hero to play as, give Fenyx a shot.Bobwallett Meaty roleAs well as playing Elden Ring, I’m also nearing the final stages of the excellent Disco Elysium. It’d been on my radar for a while, having read a number of positive reviews and having listened to a recent episode of the always entertaining Get Played (previously called How Did This Get Played?) podcast in which the hosts loved it, I finally decided to give it a try. It certainly does live up to the hype, and I honestly can’t think of any game quite like it. The writing is just phenomenal, and the way in which you can mould your character to be virtually anyone you want brings a new meaning to the term role-playing game.drlowdon E-mail your comments to: gamecentral@metro.co.uk 88% success rateI am currently playing Elden Ring (PS5), for obvious reasons, but before that I played and completed eight games this year and parked three. Completed: Parked: PazJohnMitch Chill out gameBeen playing Stellaris on and off as a background game to any other games I might be playing. This game has lots of support, with updates and expansions and feel it has improved since GC reviewed it. However, it is more a niche thing and anybody who enjoys 4X strategy games will most likely have found it. I generally play this as a chill out game as it’s a completely different beast to Civilization. The music is very trancey as well, which I love. The little stories within the game and some of the mysteries in the universe are great. Also, it’s a very menacing universe, with the Khanate and lingering crisis which adds to the story building. As a game it’s a real slow burn but that’s one of its strengths. Have grown to like Stellaris more and more as I play it. Very pleased consoles can give us grand strategy games now. Really looking forward to Crusader Kings 3 if your review is promising.Vaughan (tiddleydwarf – PSN ID) GC: It should be ready early next week. Welcome returnI decided to return to Hyrule and replay The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild and I’m as hooked as I was first time around. The level of detail, places of interest to explore, and things to discover is incredible. It has some flaws but I would still put it up there with the best games ever created! Can’t wait for the sequel.Anon  New Battlefield game already in development with modern/near future setting claims rumour   Two years of Apex Legends updates leaked: nine characters and Titanfall maps   Games Inbox: Is Apex Legends the best free-to-play shooter?  No going backLast game I played before Elden Ring was Yooka-Laylee And The Impossible Lair. In fact, it was the imminent release of Elden Ring that prompted me to play it, as I often look for a quick game to get out the way during down time in advance of something that’s going to take me a while and demands all my gaming attention. Yooka-Laylee had been in my backlog since I got it for just a few quid in a Switch eShop sale last year. Unfortunately, when I’m playing a game I haven’t prioritised, I can sometimes get a bit grumpy with it because I’m more keen on the upcoming release I’m really looking forward to. With Yooka-Laylee’s case, though, I don’t think it was just grumpiness. I hadn’t played its 3D predecessor, as reviews put me off that, but I’d heard good things about this 2D sequel. When it comes to the overworld map, I’d agree with those, as it was a lot more interactive than I’d expect for a 2D platformer’s map, and parts of its exploration element reminded me of Death’s Door, which I’d just played over Christmas. If the whole game had been in that format, and a bit leaner, I’d have maybe thought more of it. As it was, I found the actual platforming levels to be pretty uninspired, with mechanics that never felt very satisfying and secrets that were almost always hidden in the same boring way. It looks pretty at times but it’s clear the dev wants to try and recapture something that was big 25+ years ago (specifically Donkey Kong Country) without really considering much in the way of a modern context for it. At the same time, games like Rayman Legends and Celeste stand out for me as prime modern 2D platformers that try and do a bit more. It made me realise unless a 2D platformer (in the pure sense) does something exceptional I may have gone off the genre and I wonder if that’s influenced by those dark Nintendo years a decade ago, where every second game announced felt like a quick and easy, unambitious schedule-padder with little else to look forward to. The Yoshies, Kirbies, New Super Mario Bros., Donkey Kongs, etc. seemed to be all they could talk about back then and I really started to resent it.Panda E-mail your comments to: gamecentral@metro.co.uk The small printNew Inbox updates appear every weekday morning, with special Hot Topic Inboxes at the weekend. Readers’ letters are used on merit and may be edited for length and content. You can also submit your own 500 to 600-word Reader’s Feature at any time, which if used will be shown in the next available weekend slot. You can also leave your comments below and don’t forget to follow us on Twitter. MORE : Games Inbox: Apex Legends vs. Fortnite, PS5 Pro prediction, and Tempest 4000 vs. Space Giraffe MORE : Games Inbox: The Witcher 4 doubts, Suicide Squad worries, and Mario Kart 8 joy MORE : Games Inbox: Gran Turismo 7 re-review, favourite Amiga 500 games, and Lego Star Wars gameplay footage Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. Gran Turismo 7 – is Forza Horizon 5 a fair comparison? (pic: Sony) The Thursday Inbox is upset at the lack of damage modelling in Gran Turismo 7, as one reader hopes for an Elden Ring photo mode. To join in with the discussions yourself email gamecentral@metro.co.uk No competitionInteresting review… In "Metro" How excited are you? (pic: CD Projekt) The Thursday letters page thinks the Xbox Series X might now be permanently in stock, as one reader lauds Amiga games Turrican and Putty. To join in with the discussions yourself email gamecentral@metro.co.uk Hero to zeroSo CD Projket have officially announced a new… In "Metro" Elden Ring – are you hyped? (pic: Bandai Namco) The Monday Inbox thinks Celeste is the best indie game of recent years, as one reader enjoys the madness of Metal Gear Solid 5. To join in with the discussions yourself email gamecentral@metro.co.uk Take a chance2021 was a disappointment for gaming,… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!