Nato has amassed 30,000 troops near Russia’s border for a drill amid the Ukraine war. More than 200 aircrafts and 50 warships have also been sent to northern Norway, just a few hundred kilometres from the Kremlin’s border. The drill, named Cold Response, is held every other year and ‘not linked to Russia’s unprovoked and unjustified invasion of Ukraine’, the alliance said. It was planned long before Vladimir Putin sent his army to invade Ukraine – although officials have noted its ‘heightened significance’. ‘This exercise is extremely important for the security of Norway and its allies. We will practice an allied reinforcement of Norway’, Norwegian Defence Minister Odd Roger Enoksen said. ‘It is not being held because of the Russian authorities’ attack on Ukraine, but given the backdrop, there is a heightened significance.’ Russia has declined to observe the exercise, which brings together soldiers from 27 countries from Europe and North America. Tens of thousands of troops will practice working together on land, in the air and at sea until April 1, according to the Norwegian armed forces. ‘Thorough information’ has been provided to Russia, something that is ’vital for preventing misunderstandings and unnecessary conflict’, a statement added. Information on Nato’s website reads: ‘The exercise shows Nato’s ability to deploy tens of thousands of forces to the High North, while at the same time Nato is reinforcing the eastern part of the Alliance to shield Nato against any aggression. ‘Cold Response gives Nato Allies and partners the opportunity to train together in cold weather conditions over challenging terrain. ‘Cold Response deals with a fictional scenario where Norway is attacked and Nato’s collective defence clause, Article 5, is invoked.’ It comes as Kremlin forces leave cities devastated with nearly three weeks of relentless shelling. Russia has claimed it has taken over the southern Ukrainian region of Kherson after explosions reverberated overnight around the Black Sea port. The Ministry of Defence has warned Putin may try to stage a ‘referendum’ in the city as part of a plan to legitimise the area as a breakaway republic. However, senior British defence sources say his army is ‘weak, on the run and has just two weeks of fighting left in it’. The remarks came after Russian troops failed to declare the swift victory many expected. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 20 points to understand Russia-Ukraine war, cause of Russia-Ukraine war can be accessed below. Currently, the two countries are in a state of war: the Russo-Ukrainian War began in 2014 following the Russian annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. … The Russian government feared that Ukraine’s membership of the EU and… In "Breaking News" Russian President Vladimir Putin chairs a meeting with members of the Security Council via teleconference call, at the Novo-Ogaryovo state residence, outside Moscow, Russia, on February 11, 2022. Alexey NIKOLSKY / Sputnik / AFP   Russian President Vladimir Putin announced a military operation in Ukraine on Thursday with explosions heard… In "Slider 2" Black smoke rises from a military airport in Chuguyev near Kharkiv on February 24, 2022.(Photo by Aris Messinis / AFP)   Russian President Vladimir Putin announced a military operation in Ukraine on Thursday with explosions heard soon after across the country and its foreign minister warning a “full-scale invasion” was… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!