Former Arsenal defender Lee Dixon believes Leeds United star Kalvin Phillips would be a ‘good fit’ for Mikel Arteta’s side. Phillips has established himself as one of the Premier League’s most dynamic midfielders since Leeds returned to the top flight in 2020 with his absence through injury this season having a huge impact with the Whites fighting for top flight survival. Manchester United have been credited with keen interest in the England international this year with interim Ralf Rangnick a huge admirer of the 26-year-old. During his interview for the job at Old Trafford, Rangnick reportedly identified midfield as an area of weakness and suggested the club look into signing Phillips. West Ham United and Aston Villa are also interested in signing him this summer with Leeds eager to get their man to commit to a new contract. Dixon hopes to see Arsenal join the race. ‘I like Kalvin Phillips, I am a big fan,’ Dixon told Seaman Says. ‘I think he would be a good fit. I just like the way he is an all-round [player].’  Arsenal begin talks to sign Benfica star as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s replacement   Erling Haaland has asked for transfer advice from Arsenal star Martin Odegaard   Liverpool urged to sign Arsenal star ahead of Raphinha  Phillips has not played any football since December but back among the subs as Leeds fought back to secure a vital win over Wolves last Friday. That win left Leeds in 16th place, seven points off the bottom three and four points clear of 17th Everton. MORE : Roma striker Tammy Abraham would be a ‘great option’ for Arsenal, says Nigel Winterburn MORE : Lee Dixon names Ben White as Arsenal’s player of the season For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Leeds United midfielder, Kalvin Phillips has said he is happy at the club and hopes to get a new contract. He said this amid interest from Manchester United, who are said to be in pursuit of the midfielder with Ralf Rangnick a huge admirer of the 26-year-old. Rangnick was said… In "Slider 2" Leeds United are ready to open talks over a new deal for star midfielder Kalvin Phillips – and the midfielder is reportedly willing to sign as long as a certain condition is met. Phillips is one of the lowest-paid players in the England squad with his wages dwarved by many… In "Sports" Kalvin Phillips a wanted manAs recently as two days ago (at time of writing), there was speculation that Manchester United had a strong interest in signing Leeds United midfielder Kalvin Phillips. #MUFC want Kalvin Phillips 🤔 📰👇 — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) September 28, 2021 The England international, nicknamed… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!