A Ukrainian mum and her two children fleeing the Russian invasion are stranded in France after being refused entry to the UK. Mariia Petriv, 37, and her children aged eight and 10, had been travelling with her brother Dymtro and his wife, Olesja, to the couple’s home in Cheshire, but all five are currently stuck in Calais. The trio, from Ivano-Frankivsk in western Ukraine, were picked up by a British voluntary organisation on the Hungarian border. They were driven to Lyon where they met Dymtro and Olesja before the family group travelled on to Calais Ferry Port, where British officials conduct checks. The kids left Ukraine with little more than their rucksacks amid chaotic transport links and missile strikes near their home. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Olesja said when they got to the border post on Monday, the refugees did not qualify as family members under the current UK entry arrangements. The British government has said relatives of Ukrainians fleeing the war zone can enter the country without the usual visa requirements, although the advice has been a work in progress. Olesja said: ‘When we came to Calais they took the documents and came back after a couple of hours and told us they are not going to give my sister permission to come to the UK, because they are not classed as family members. The officer said it was only for parents, spouses and kids. ‘It was unbelievable that my sister does not qualify, I was just shocked. ‘The kids were crying and asking, “why can’t uncle take us home?” ‘Before us there was an EU citizen bringing a sister with two kids from Ukraine, it was absolutely the same situation, yet they were given the stamp with the six-month visa and let in.’ Olesja, 36, a baker, is Estonian and her husband, 35, a builder, is Ukrainian, but they have settled status and pay tax in the UK. She said: ‘They said they should seek shelter in France, but they don’t have anyone here, they don’t speak the language and we can support our family at our home. We are working and we can support them for as long they need before Mariia, who I regard as my sister, finds work. ‘She doesn’t need anything from the UK, she just needs to be safe. ‘All I want is for those kids to have a life and a future. I don’t want them to go back to Ukraine and die there.’ Mariia and her youngest child, Sofia, and her son, Sviatoslav, are among hundreds of thousands of refugees fleeing Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, which is now in its seventh day. On the first day of the military campaign, there were missile strikes on a military airport 15km from their village. The family was picked up by the Bristol-based humanitarian group and driven to the French city to meet the couple, who are from Runcorn. All five are currently in a hotel waiting for advice from a UK law firm. The family was denied entry the day before Priti Patel announced a new humanitarian corridor for people fleeing Ukraine, which includes immediate and extended family. According to the updated guidance, people of any nationality settled in the UK will be supported to bring relatives, including siblings and grandparents, to the country. A spokesperson for the Home Office referred to the updated advice and yesterday’s statement by Ms Patel. The home secretary said: ‘Putin’s war on Ukraine is monstrous and unjustified and the government will stand with the people of Ukraine, both at home and abroad. ‘I have been talking to our friends in Ukraine and in the region to ensure the humanitarian support we offer is in the best interests of Ukrainian people. ‘Our Ukrainian Humanitarian Route will allow families to be reunited in the UK and our bespoke sponsor route will give safety to Ukrainians who have sadly been forced to flee their homes. ‘This agile response to the despicable Russian invasion is living proof of our New Plan for Immigration – doing what is fair and right to support people in genuine need.’ Around 660,000 people have fled Ukraine since the invasion began, according to the UN’s refugee agency. Boris Johnson has said that the UK could accept more than 200,000 displaced people. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page. Gritty Ukrainian resistance and logistical problems for the Russians have slowed the advance (Picture: AFP) The Russian advance on Kyiv appeared to be slowing on Saturday night as gritty Ukranian resistance frustrated Vladimir Putin’s brutal invasion. British and American intelligence suggested there were signs of a ‘temporary’ blip in Russia’s… In "Metro" The body of a Russian serviceman lies near destroyed Russian military vehicles on the roadside on the outskirts of Kharkiv on February 26, 2022, following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. AFP   Street fighting raged in Ukraine’s second-biggest city on Sunday after Russian forces pierced through Ukrainian lines, as both sides… In "Slider 2" Lolade Lawal’s life has been turned upside down in a way she never imagined. The third-year medical student from Nigeria is coming to terms with the effects of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine that started last week. “It is scary, very scary. I’m very worried. People are running for their lives.… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!