WWE superstar Charlotte Flair decimated Ronda Rousey and sent her crashing into a car during a wild brawl on SmackDown. Friday night’s episode – which sadly also saw New Day favourite Big E suffer a broken neck in a terrifying in-ring accident – ended with the Women’s Champion fighting with her WrestleMania challenger in the arena car park. Earlier in the evening, the two bitter rivals met face to face one week after the Baddest Woman On The Planet laid out the Queen and made her tap out to the ankle lock. Rousey came out first, claiming the submission – which she says was passed onto her by her one-time tag team partner Kurt Angle – shows she’s more than a one move wonder. The former UFC star is still finding her feet on the mic, but Flair took things up a notch as he brushed off last week’s embarrassment. She promised to make Rousey tap out herself by the end of the night, and the champ really proved her worth her with a cracking promo selling this match at WrestleMania. Ronda shone at the end, issuing a final warning that if Flair doesn’t submit, she’ll take her arm home with her. Before the show went off air, the pair brawled backstage with Flair slamming Rousey into a nearby car, hitting a suplex onto the bonnet before fish hooking Ronda’s mouth and transitioning into a fantastic new submission as the cameras stopped rolling. After a recap of Roman Reigns and the Bloodlines’ vicious attack on Brock Lesnar at Madison Square Garden, the WWE Champion hit the ring. He was on another level here, replacing his rercent lighthearted persona with an intense and furious side, calling out the Tribal Chief so he could get his revenge. Instead, Paul Heyman hit the ring and revealed the Universal Champion wasn’t at the arena, but his smug look quickly turned when the Beast wondered who would protect him now. Lesnar went on the attack, springing after his former advocate – and his getaway car – as he took out security guards on the way. The first match of the night saw Sheamus and Ridge Holland introduce Pete Dunne to SmackDown along with a new name (Butch) as the Celtic Warrior and Holland faced off against The New Day. The match was a strong one with Sheamus and Ridge picking up the win, but everything will be overshadowed by a horrific injury suffered to Big E after a suplex from Holland. The camera crew never cut back to him at ringside, with Kofi finishing the match on his own and his partner being stretchered out off-camera. STOP CALLING ME pic.twitter.com/TbX66kDwvQ — Sami Zayn (@SamiZayn) March 11, 2022 In a brilliant move, Johnny Knoxville reacted to Sami Zayn sending him loads of messages by literally flying his phone number over Los Angeles on a plane. On SmackDown, Zayn ranted about the ridiculous amount of texts and calls he’d been receiving, adding another hilarious layer to their upcoming WrestleMania showdown. Drew McIntyre came out to team with The Viking Raiders against Happy Corbin, Madcap Moss and Jinder Mahal, but his partners were the victim of a backstage assault. The Scottish Warrior looked to suffer a similar fate in-ring as the villains – plus Mahal’s teammate Shanky – went on the attack, but McIntyre overcame the numbers game and stood tall as he and Corbin stared each other down. The newly reunited Sasha Banks and Naomi kept on rolling towards the Women’s Tag Team Title match at WrestleMania as they beat Shayna Baszler and Natalya – despite interference from champs Carmella and Queen Zelina – in a decent bout. The Usos came out to discuss next month’s huge weekend in Dallas, only to be interrupted by Shinsuke Nakamura and Rick Boogs one week after they got attacked by Jimmy and Jey. It all led to Boogs beating Jey in a fun match after revealing his injury was all a ruse, which sets up our SmackDown Tag Team title match for Mania. Austin Theory came down to insult Pat McAfee, but the commentator leaped over the announce table and sparked an exciting brawl, adding some instant intensity to their WrestleMania feud.  Who does Patton Oswalt play in Picard season 2 and who is Spot-73?   The Masked Singer US genuinely thrown into chaos after McTerrier trips over and loses mask   Rupert Grint has introduced his daughter to Harry Potter and she has a wand  The fans were undoubtedly into the action, and both men deserve credit for the way they sold it. In the main event, Ricochet retained the Intercontinental Championship in a rematch of last week’s title match against Sami Zayn. They put on a fantastic bout, with the One And Only picking up a great victory while Michael Cole was solo on commentary after the previous angle. WWE SmackDown airs Fridays at 1am on BT Sport 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Big E suffers broken neck and gets rushed to hospital after horrific in-ring accident MORE : WWE 2K22 review – a WrestleMania-sized comeback Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!