Ola said on Thursday evening it has reached an agreement to acquire Avail Finance, a financial services startup that serves blue-collared workforce, as the ride-hailing giant looks to expand its financial services offerings. The two startups did not disclose the terms of the deal. Avail Finance had raised about $38.5 million (including about $4.5 million in venture debt) across multiple rounds and was valued at $86.6 million, according to insight platform Tracxn. It’s worth noting that Ola co-founder and chief executive Bhavish Aggarwal and Avail Finance founder and chief executive Ankush Aggarwal are brothers. The two companies share Alpha Wave Global and Matrix Partners as major common investors. The deal is seeking approval from shareholders. Ola said the acquisition will help the startup “strengthen its play in the credit underserved segments that comprise blue-collar workers such as Ola’s driver-partner ecosystem.” That play includes cross-selling “multiple lending products” to its driver partners, it added. More to follow… Visa said Thursday it would acquire Swedish financial technology firm Tink for 1.8 billion euros ($2.2 billion), months after the US credit card giant dropped a bid to acquire the startup’s American rival. Tink is an open banking platform that connects 3,400 financial institutions in Europe with more… In "Breaking News" Moroccan B2B e-commerce and retail startup Chari has acquired Axa Credit, the credit branch of Axa Assurance Maroc, for $22 million, the company confirmed to TechCrunch today. The news comes off the back of Chari’s recently closed seed extension round that saw it valued at $100 million and begin offering… In "Business" Byju Raveendran, founder and chief executive of the eponymous edtech giant, has financed his recent $400 million investment in Byju’s through a debt he raised from multiple international banks, two sources familiar with the matter told TechCrunch. On Friday, the startup announced it has raised $800 million in a new… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!