Sir Kenneth Branagh is said to be isolating after testing positive for Covid following the Baftas last week, throwing his Oscars attendance into question. The 61-year-old director of the Oscar-nominated film Belfast is due to attend the star-studded Academy Awards ceremony on Sunday, with his movie receiving an impressive seven nods including best director and best original screenplay. However, Branagh’s positive test now means he’s at risk of missing the event altogether. ‘Early last week, after arriving in the States, Kenneth Branagh and Ciaran Hinds tested positive for Covid,’ a spokesperson said. ‘Both will be observing an isolation period and hopefully will be able to continue their engagements for the film Belfast once that is over, they test negative and, of course, are feeling well enough.’ Branagh’s positive Covid test comes just days after he attended the Baftas, which has called into question whether the ceremony was a ‘super spreader’ event. One source, who tested positive for the virus following the awards, told The Hollywood Reporter: ‘It seems the weekend may have been a super-spreader event.’ Another claimed: ‘Literally everyone I’m speaking to at the moment says they have it.’ A Bafta spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Bafta went over and above UK Government Guidance and all attendees were required to show proof of a negative lateral flow test on arrival.’ As it currently stands, however, the UK is experiencing a surge in Covid cases, with an estimated 3.28 million people testing positive for the virus in the week to March 12, the day before the Bafta ceremony. With the 2022 Academy Awards nearly upon us, we here at Metro.co.uk have got you covered. Check out our reviews for some of the best picture favourites, including The Power of the Dog, West Side Story, Don’t Look Up, Dune, and King Richard. Alternatively, find out how the actors in Belfast and West Side Story secured their roles. Or you can hear about what it’s like to rub shoulders with the stars from an awards show seat filler, or check out why the stunt performers of Hollywood have been campaigning for their own category at film’s most glitzy night of the year. It currently remains unknown as to whether Branagh will be well enough to attend the 94th Academy Awards. His film Belfast is up against CODA, Don’t Look Up, Drive My Car, Dune, King Richard, Licorice Pizza, Nightmare Alley, The Power Of The Dog, and West Side Story for best picture. Metro.co.uk has contacted Branagh’s rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!