Over the past two years, I have found my caseload get bigger, while the time I am able to offer my patients is forcibly reduced. I’m a psychotherapist in Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS) in London. We are underfunded, understaffed, and under-resourced, and as with many trusts, retention of staff is difficult with a record number of workers leaving the profession entirely, including relatively newly trained clinicians. In fact, a record number of 400 workers a week have been leaving the NHS for reasons of burnout and PTSD. And now, despite having worked in a crumbling health care system – where waiting lists are now the longest they have ever been since records began – over the course of a pandemic, NHS staff are being insulted with a 3% pay rise offer. This comes at a time of the highest cost of living crisis for a generation and inflation hitting 5.5%. The proposed pay rise will, once again, see us left with a real-terms pay cut not far from the insulting 1% pay rise we were offered last year, neither of which make up for the slashes to staff pay due to public sector austerity cuts. After years of underfunding and closures to services by the Government, more patients are being turned away than ever, and the NHS is unrecognisable. Across the board, we are physically and psychologically drained and many of our colleagues continue to leave the workforce for better conditions and lighter workloads elsewhere. Recent comments from the likes of Kirstie Allsopp suggesting working people’s wages would last longer if we sacrificed expenses like our morning coffees are careless, infuriating and trivialise the everyday sacrifices we make. In the NHS, some of us are employed on insecure contracts due to a lack of funding available for recruitment. For these workers, late agency payments can result in the inability to pay bills on time and avoid overdraft fees. A 3% pay rise not only fails to show appreciation for an overstretched workforce, but also seems to ignore the fact that the NHS is at its greatest threat of collapse due to the lack of staff available. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T1M","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/01/17/08/53015159-0-image-a-31_1642408271494.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-01-17T08:30:28+0000","description":"Feelings like anxiety and depression can affect us all and the NHS is here to help.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/01/17/2218644681484777253/480x270_MP4_2218644681484777253.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video The inability to recruit and retain staff in the NHS is a fatal issue. The Covid-19 crisis took a toll on an already understaffed health service. Careless lack of preparation, protection and sensible planning from the Government has meant staff being sacrificed in the name of heroism, firefighting in an already mismanaged NHS. In the public sector, staff experience mirrors that of the general public and across the health service – the past two years have been terrifying. The lack of clear guidance and consistency from the Government has left working-class families not only nervous about the future, but also unable to keep their households running smoothly. This subsequently adds pressure on both the individual who finds themselves more in need of physical and mental healthcare and the service attempting to provide it – both of which are being failed by wage cuts and tax hikes. In my line of work, as a psychotherapist for children and teenagers as well as adults, funding cuts don’t necessarily have an immediately visible impact, compared to somewhere like an intensive care unit where lack of resources and loss of lives correlate more immediately. But in children’s mental health services, where we were already turning away over two thirds of referrals, we see it in the form of the ratio of clinicians to young people getting smaller, and the need for staff only increasing. Between April and September of 2021, we saw demand for CAMHS support rise 81%, as compared to the same period in 2019. Of those who are seen, one in five children have to wait more than 12 weeks for a follow up appointment. In adult mental health services, the picture is bleaker still. The lack of available services has resulted in a rise to 1.6million people awaiting specialised mental health treatment, with another 8million unable to reach the waiting list at all. Devaluing of these essential services through underfunding and multiple closures of mental health services across the board has long before meant psychological support being offered in its poorest form. Lack of resources, including staff, means patients who are finally offered support are receiving smaller care packages, fewer appointments and less face-to-face care. Psychotherapy is already scarcely offered in the NHS. It is seen as less cost-effective than other more manualised therapies, as it is offered to patients for a longer time and is less focused on measured outcomes. When I read about clinicians leaving the NHS, I am unsurprised Due to the NHS’ focus on reducing costs and increasing efficiency, there are few paid psychotherapy positions. However, due to the high demand and need for talking therapy and therefore psychotherapists in the NHS, many honorary contracts are offered to trainees who are fulfilling the same duties as their paid counterparts. There are many honorary psychotherapist contracts in the NHS – this is not reflected in any other part of the workforce. The main point here is that without more paid positions and opportunities (reflecting the ever-increasing cost of living) available in the NHS, honorary therapists are far less likely to take on unpaid roles and will find work elsewhere. When I read about clinicians leaving the NHS, I am unsurprised. I myself became critically unwell while a trainee, some years ago. I was working two unpaid placements providing therapy to adults, while studying a masters. If I was to achieve my accreditation, I needed to study and pay for another. Despite some financial help from my family to be able to pay my rent, eat regularly, and survive, I was still required to work almost full-time while training. Even now, despite being fully qualified, I continue to work unpaid in the NHS as an adult psychotherapist, mostly because if I did not, my patients will be left on waiting lists that may never come to an end. This is not something that many working class people can afford to do, which as a result, leads to little representation in a profession (thanks to underfunding of services). This, of course, means worse patient outcomes overall. The failure to make the link between funding cuts and patient care – between the workforce and the people we look after – is a deadly one. The fact that less people are prepared to work in an institution no longer able to provide the quality of care it was once revered for is a frightening prospect. This must be addressed and the Government must reconsider its attitude towards public health.  British fugitive wanted over £1,000,000,000 fraud arrested while walking dogs in Spain   Huge queues at bus stops after 24 hour Tube strikes cause chaos in London   Queen pictured back at work after recovering from Covid battle  We are currently fighting for funding and better pay and there is a national campaign demanding a 15% wage rise for all NHS workers. This increase will certainly bode better for our healthcare system and its staff, but even that is a drop in the ocean for many overworked people struggling to make ends meet. If we as a community fail to heed these warnings of staff shortages, we risk losing the capacity to provide healthcare to the masses in the most financial and ethically sensible way possible. The fallout from this does not even bear thinking about. Alia Butt is an NHS Psychotherapist Mental Health Specialist Practitioner and Chair of NHS Staff Voices (part of national campaigning organisation Keep Our NHS Public). You can follow her on Twitter here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : How this NHS nurse and her husband ditched renting for a neat new-build apartment MORE : Why pregnant women are still reluctant to take the Covid vaccine – and what the NHS needs to do to convince them MORE : This is Going to Hurt is a true reflection of what life is like for NHS doctors The figure is half the rate of inflation after it is expected to go up from 5.5% in January to almost 8% in April (Pictures: Getty) NHS staff in England have been offered a ‘tight-fisted’ 3% salary rise, which is set to leave many of them struggling to ‘fill up at the… In "Metro" Around 200 armed forces personnel are being made available to hospitals across the capital (Picture: Reuters/ AP) Hundreds of troops are being drafted into London hospitals to replace staff isolating with Omicron as the NHS grapples with critical workforce shortages. Military medics will assist doctors and nurses with patient care,… In "Metro" NHS leaders have said scrapping tests and self-isolation rules must be driven by science not politics (Credits: PA) Getting rid of self-isolation rules and free Covid-19 tests for the public would be a ‘leap in the dark’, NHS leaders have warned. Boris Johnson is expected to announce his plan for… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!