Love Island’s Georgia Steel has been bombarded with hurtful comments targeting her spelling errors due to learning difficulties. The 23-year-old reality star, who appeared on season four of the hit dating show, revealed that she was diagnosed with dyslexia – a learning difficulty that mainly causes problems with reading, writing, and spelling – during secondary school, and credits her mum for helping her through it. Following her stint on the popular ITV2 series in 2018, Georgia has made a name for herself as a reality star with 1.6million Instagram followers. However, the influencer admitted that the attention paid to her captions has resulted in trolls picking her ‘mistakes’ apart. ‘Obviously, I get a lot of online trolls, that’s part of the job,’ she told the Daily Mail. ‘And a lot of people will say, “Oh you spelt that wrong? Or how stupid can you be.”‘ https://www.instagram.com/p/CbQV90rN7Db/ Despite the harmful comments, the former Celebs Go Dating star said she doesn’t view her dyslexia as ‘damaging’ or ‘upsetting’ and wants to encourage those going through something similar. The TV personality was coupled up with Josh Denzel before leaving the Love Island villa with her now ex-boyfriend Sam Bird. Following her exit, she went straight onto E4’s Celebs Go Dating, and although she hailed it as a ‘blast’ at the time, she struggled to watch her first episode back. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, she said: ‘I would think she is vile, but you see the journey that I go through to see why I am like that. It’s a deeper thing.  Paddy McGuinness slams ‘drop dead gorgeous’ Love Island stars compared to Take Me Out   Multi-millionaire Molly Mae Hague reveals she was paid £25 a post at start of career   Love Island’s Joanna Chimonides opens up on ‘slim-shaming’: ‘I get comments like “have you  ‘After Love Island everyone had this massive persona of me, so it’s so nice for me to leave a different show and know I came across well.’ Georgia has also collaborated with fashion brands FashionNova and BooHoo and is often seen promoting the outfits on Instagram. Love Island is set to return to ITV2 in 2022. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paddy McGuinness slams ‘drop dead gorgeous’ Love Island stars compared to Take Me Out contestants: ‘Out in the world no one is perfect’ MORE : Molly Mae Hague reveals she was paid £25 a post at start of influencer career before becoming multi-millionaire Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!