The sunglasses Paul Walker had been wearing when he died in a car crash are set to be returned to his family. The Maui Jim shades which belonged to the Fast and Furious star, who died at the age of 40 in 2013 after a car he was in crashed into a lamppost and two trees in California. The sunglasses are currently in the possession of Zak Bagans, who owns The Haunted Museum in Las Vegas, after a fan tried to flog them a year after the star died. Fans had been left furious after a bystander discovered the sunglasses near to where Waller died and tried to auction them for $15,000 (£11,400), but the item never sold. Bagans purchased the sunglasses earlier this year and wants to return them to Walker’s family for free, but the paranormal enthusiast will ask for permission to display them in his museum if the family do not want them back, TMZ reports. The museum attraction contains 30 themed rooms containing objects including Charles Manson’s bone fragments and The Conjuring 3 movie’s real-life devil’s rocking chair. Walker died in November 2013 after getting in a Porsche driven by friend Roger Rodas to head to a charity event. The pair were both killed in the single-vehicle collision after the car hit a lamppost, with the speed – between 80 and 93mph – and the age of the tyres being ruled as the primary reasons for the crash.  Jada Pinkett-Smith appears to laugh after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock in new Oscars clip   Bruce Willis’ daughter Scout ‘blown away’ as Hollywood rallies round after aphasia news   Bruce Willis was fed lines through an earpiece and at times didn’t know why he was on set  The car burst into flames after the collision, killing both men, with Walker’s death being ruled as a combined result of the trauma and burns. Walker was cremated and his ashes were buried in a non-denominational ceremony at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Los Angeles. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Grimshaw engaged to boyfriend Mesh Henry after four years and reveals gold ring MORE : Daniel Radcliffe raves about Evan Rachel Wood as Madonna in Weird Al biopic: ‘One of the most fantastic performances I’ve been witness to’ Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!