 Zaniolo, 22, apparently “wants a change of scenery”, according to a report in Spain. The two Premier League clubs have been credited with a keen interest in the Italy international, who is under contract until 2024. The two Premier League sides will have stiff competition though with Juventus also keen on the eight-cap attacker. In fact Fichajes, via Sport Witness, report that Juve have made Zaniolo their primary summer transfer target. Zaniolo, who can play as a winger or a striker or supporting striker, is very highly regarded in Italy. AS Roma Live claimed Liverpool had taken their own interest a step further last month. They claimed that talks are already underway to strike a deal for the player this summer.  A price tag of £33.5m has been mooted, but the latest report claims the figure would be more like £50m. Of course the Reds could well be in the market for another forward with Mo Salah and Sadio Mane’s futures unclear. Subscribe for free to TEAMtalk’s daily newsletter… But Fichajes report that Newcastle, under their new ownership, now have “money and intentions to break the market”.  Their recruitment department under Dan Ashworth will be looking to make a splash in the summer transfer market. Apparently the Geordies “see him as an interesting option”. And a deal for Zaniolo would certainly have the rest of the Premier League thinking seriously about Newcastle. Spurs for their part were interested in Zaniolo in the summer of 2020. But he suffered an ACL injury, the second blow of its type he had received that year, and he was subsequently on the sidelines for the entirety of last season. He has returned to prominence under Jose Mourinho and Il Tempo have confirmed that Tottenham and Juventus are interested in Zaniolo. READ MORE: Nottingham Forest star offers exciting update following Newcastle interest The post Newcastle to rival Tottenham and have big plan to land £50m marquee summer signing appeared first on TEAMtalk. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!