Nothing can quite ruin a good night’s sleep than being a hot mess – literally. Ever had your peaceful slumber disturbed by the realisation that you’re drenched in sweat? Although this is a familiar occurrence during sweltering summer nights, some people experience this unpleasant phenomenon frequently, including in the winter. But why do some sleep-starved souls sweat buckets in bed, and how can they stop it? Here is everything you need to know about getting some dry shuteye. There are many reasons why you might be experiencing a sweaty slumber, also know as night sweats. According to the NHS, the most common causes are: That’s right – hot flushes aren’t just for the daytime. Menopause causes hot flashes and night sweats because of changing hormone levels, including estrogen and progesterone, which affect the body’s temperature control. Never a combination for a good sleep, these two factors can cause night time panic attacks and stressful bad dreams – leading to you sweating like a turkey in December. Medicines that target your hormones can also cause your body’s temperature gauge to become imbalanced, leading to night sweats. This might include certain antidepressants, hormone treatments, and opioids. Fevers are a common symptom for illnesses which can often lead to high temperatures. Alcohol affects your nervous system, causing a fluctuation in blood pressure, heart rate, and body temperature – which could lead to night sweats. Sweating can be a result of alcohol withdrawal, or alcohol intolerance. Those with hypoglycemia can often suffer from night sweats. When your blood glucose drops too low, you produce excess adrenaline, which causes sweating. Cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy can result in night sweats. They can also happen in men who have their testicles removed to treat prostate cancer. This is a harmless condition that makes you sweat too much all the time. Simply enough, a stuffy room, a thick duvet and warm pyjamas can all contribute to you overheating at night. The solution to not sweating at night all depends on the reason behind it. It’s worth talking to your GP if you’re regularly experiencing night sweats. If they think night sweats are a side effect of medication, they may recommend an alternative. For those going through menopause, a doctor may recommend hormonal therapies. If the cause isn’t clear, then you should start by addressing your sleep environment. Keep your bedroom cooler with a fan and open windows, wear lighter pyjamas, look for more suitable bedding, and avoid hot drinks and exercise before bed. MORE : How to wind down and get your mind ready for sleep before bed MORE : How much deep sleep do you need? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!