A link between the Sun and dreamy Neptune is causing a bit of confusion today, and not everything may be as good as it seems. But for some signs, today could have huge potential – if you play your cards right. Luckily your horoscope can provide you with some much needed guidance. Make a plan to get the most out of today, Pisces. Capricorn, put yourself in someone else’s shoes for a change. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 13, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 The presence of Venus and Mars in your social zone, encourages you to move in new circles. Even so, the Sun’s merger with Neptune can make it difficult to focus on details. With your ingenuity peaking, creative ideas look to be plentiful, Aries. At the same time, think about taking a complete break. All kinds of novel thoughts and solutions could show up if you do. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You could enter a romantic relationship in a bit of a blur, Taurus. The current ethereal vibes make it difficult to see someone as they are, and you’ll tend to project onto them what you want to see instead. This isn’t to say that you can’t relax and enjoy yourself, but don’t be tempted to put them on a pedestal too quickly. A temporary aspect suggests it could be a mistake to do so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You know that something is impossible, but this might not stop you from dreaming about it, Gemini. And the more you do, the more you may want to forget about the difficulties, and rely on faith to make it a reality. And there are times when this is exactly the approach to take. How many brilliant ideas would have been doomed if they had been rejected at first glance? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Are you pining for fresh experiences and opportunities? You may be drawn to something or someone that gives you hope and comfort. This could be a philosophy that encourages you to tap into your inner strength, or perhaps liaising with a teacher or life coach who can help you to see your potential in all its glory. A giant step forward might be required, but it’s so worth it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 An ethereal aspect suggests you may be inclined to talk about the past, or about any aspect of your life that needs to shift. A big part of this might be linked with embracing your perceived faults and failings, Leo. A compassionate Sun/Neptune aspect can be a call to be kind to yourself. Everyone makes mistakes, and dwelling on them won’t help. It’s time to move on and forget them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 The Sun’s link to hazy Neptune, hints that you may be saying yes to something that isn’t in your best interests. Ask a few searching questions before you embark on a path that ties you into a dubious commitment. On the other hand, you could connect with someone who you feel at home with right away. Their presence can be peaceful, deeply relaxing and very comforting, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Have a yearning, but don’t know what for? A nebulous aspect can leave you wanting more, but nothing you think of might satisfy it. Anything that allows you to relax could be a start. A soothing bubble bath, a good novel or a brilliant movie, may allow you to travel places in your mind and enjoy daydreaming. Equally, being in beautiful surroundings can do it for you, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Something you get involved with unwittingly, could turn out to be a good decision. The current line-up suggests you might take up a new interest because a friend needs some company. Yet you can be naturally good at it and very impressive, even if you are a beginner. This discovery may give you a focus that you’ll very much enjoy. And you’ll keep improving, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You may be very struck with the idea of beauty and harmony, especially on the domestic front. Today’s Sun/Neptune link can inspire you to get some fresh pots of paint and brighten up your place with some warming tones. A piece of art might also attract your attention, or if you enjoy making things, you may want to create something that could be a real conversation starter. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You’ll be very sensitive to other people, and have an almost telepathic ability to pick up on their thoughts and feelings. This could work to your advantage today, especially if you and another have been through a difficult patch lately. You’ll find it easier to put yourself in their shoes and see life from their perspective. As you do, you may be ready to forgive and forget, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Even though you’re very popular, you might be less keen to socialize, and have more of a desire to help instead. With the Sun aligning with nebulous Neptune in your sector of values, the idea of using your time to take part in a charity event or to assist others and make their life happier or easier, can seem so rewarding. Haven’t spoilt yourself in a while? A treat may do you good too. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your dreams may be very much on your mind, as a Sun/Neptune tie can find you dwelling on them, and using them as a source of guidance. Have mundane tasks to attend to? Being creative about the way you carry them out could make them almost enjoyable. You might be tempted to go with the flow, but with the day ahead holding huge potential, working to a plan is better, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!