 According to GOAL and SPOX the Gers have firmed up their long-standing interest in the 28-year-old with a concrete proposal. The Austrian keeper is out of contract this summer and can sign a pre-contract agreement with foreign clubs. As per the source, the Scottish champions have put forward a two-year deal with the option of an extra season. The keeper is still believed be open to remaining at Schalke, but the Bundesliga 2 side have yet to open contract renewal talks. Schalke sporting director Rouven Schroder said in the Scottish Sun last month: “With specific regards to Martin Fraisl – he’s doing an excellent job. “We’re monitoring his situation closely, but our focus is currently on day-to-day business and therefore, there will not be any concrete contract talks with him in the near future.” Giovanni van Bronckhorst is looking for a new keeper with Allan McGregor’s contract set to expire in June. It’s unclear whether the 40-year-old, who has been criticised recently, will hang up his gloves. Subscribe for free to TEAMtalk’s daily newsletter… Former Bradford keeper Jon McLaughlin will be with the Ibrox club next season, but van Bronckhorst is looking for another option alongside Robby McCrorie.  Rangers do face competition for Fraisl though with Norwich also interested Fraisl’s form has seen Olympiacos in Greece interested in him. Meanwhile, two unnamed clubs from Serie A and La Liga are also tracking him. The former Sportunion Wolfsbach man could not get into the team at the start of the season. Experienced pair Michael Langer and Ralf Fahrmann were keeping him out of the team. But Fraisl has started the last 17 league games and managed six clean sheets. He only arrived last summer on a free transfer from Den Haag. READ MORE: Dean Smith tipped for Aston Villa reunion as Norwich take step towards striker deal The post Rangers step ahead of Norwich and make offer for Austrian keeper appeared first on TEAMtalk. Rangers are ready to offer Paris Saint-Germain starlet Xavi Simons a route out of the French capital, TEAMtalk understands. PSG are currently in talks with Simons and his representatives – which includes famed agent Mino Raiola – about his future. The 18-year-old’s current deal expires in the summer and his… In "Sports" Norwich’s poor startIf you had told Norwich and their fans that they would be level with Arsenal this season, they probably would have bitten your hand off at the prospect. However, three games in, it is just the Gunners that sit between the Canaries and the foot of the Premier… In "Sports" Jose Mourinho is reportedly considering a raid on his old club Tottenham for promising young goalkeeper Joshua Oluwayemi. Mourinho, who is now in charge of Serie A giants Roma, is said to rate the 20-year-old very highly. Indeed, he frequently included him in Spurs’ first-team training before his somewhat surprising… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!