Antonio Rudiger looks almost certain to leave Chelsea at the end of the season amid the chaos which has enveloped the Premier League club. Earlier on Thursday, the UK Government announced it had sanctioned Roman Abramovich amid the ties to Vladimir Putin which the Chelsea owner has always strongly denied. Chelsea have been placed under a special operating licence which prevents Abramovich from making the quickfire sale he desires, while the club are not permitted to make any new signings, sell anyone or conduct contract negotiations. With nine first team squad members entering the final stages of their current deals, Chelsea’s have effectively been placed in window and one of their most high-profile players is unlikely to hang around to see how the situation plays out. Rudiger has emerged as a vital component of Thomas Tuchel’s Chelsea team having effectively been frozen out by his predecessor Frank Lampard. Despite his importance, the former Roma centre-half has been frustrated by the lack of progress made in talks over an extension and had been holding out for a salary offer in the region of £250,000-a-week. According to Sky Sports News, however, the Germany international is now minded to leave at the end of the season and will assess the offers he is likely to receive from Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester United. Chelsea also appear destined to lose Andreas Christensen, another impending free agent to Barcelona. Speaking about the Denmark international’s situation ahead of tonight’s game against Norwich City, Tuchel said: ‘There is no need to go now because he is right at the edge to finally take the next one, two, three steps at Chelsea.  Dimitar Berbatov tells Ralf Rangnick to drop Man Utd star for Spurs clash   ‘It’s a joke! – Rio Ferdinand singles out PSG star for huge mistake in Real Madrid defeat   Man Utd urged to replace Paul Pogba with the ‘best midfielder in the world’  ‘That is why I strongly recommended him not to go before it is done. And it is clearly not done. ‘He now has a situation given the formation, given the partners at his side, given his status, given his age: this is his moment. And I cannot understand if he leaves exactly at this moment. ‘For Andreas we have unbelievably much to offer. It is the club where he came through the academy and I think he has a lot, also, to appreciate where he is right now. He profited a lot from the support, the structure. Now is the crucial moment to step up and be a huge player with this history.’ MORE : UK Government open to Chelsea sale after Roman Abramovich sanction MORE : Chelsea respond to UK Government’s decision to sanction Roman Abramovich For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!