The international community has responded in force following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24 – with tough sanctions imposed on the country, as well as numerous Western companies shutting up shop there. The past couple of weeks has seen everybody from Apple through to McDonald’s pause their business operations in the country, as the wave of support for Ukraine grows across the world. But while the list of corporations and brands pulling out of Russia is growing by the day, there are still some big name companies who remain operational there in some shape or form. Some have remained open as a result of being franchise operations – which are run by local third parties rather than by the companies themselves, while others have partially suspended operations, but are continuing to offer limited essential goods and services to Russian consumers. However few are continuing to operate as normal. With that in mind, which Western companies are still open and operational in Russia? Note: At the time of writing all of the below were still operating in Russia in some shape or form. Given the fast-moving nature of the situation this could change at any time. While McDonald’s has shut up shop in Russia, Burger King’s 800 branches remain open there – with the company saying it would be tricky to close them due to legal arrangements. ‘BK Russia is a standalone business owned and operated by our franchisees in the country,’ parent company Restaurant Brands International said in a statement. ‘We have long-standing legal agreements that are not easily changeable.’ The company has however said it will be donating profits from its branches in Russia towards efforts to support Ukrainian refugees Food giants Mondelez – who own Cadbury as well as brands including Oreo, Philadelphia, Toblerone and Alpen – will continue to supply basic products to the Russian market. However they have announced they are cutting back on their operations there, with CRO Dirk Van de Put, saying: ‘We are scaling back all non-essential activities in Russia while helping maintain continuity of the food supply during the challenging times ahead. ‘We will focus our operation on basic offerings, discontinue all new capital investments and suspend our advertising media spending. ‘We recognize this is a highly dynamic and very concerning situation that we will continue to assess and adjust as needed.’ Although hotel giants Marriott’s hotels – which are owned by third parties – remain open in Russia at present, they are pausing certain operations following an announcement on March 10. We are deeply saddened by the horrific violence impacting the people of Ukraine,’ the company told metro.co.uk in a statement. ‘We have supported and will continue to support humanitarian efforts through relief organizations, our network of global partners and our own operations, including housing refugees at Marriott properties in neighboring countries. We stand with all of our associates who are being impacted by the war in Ukraine and have earmarked $1,000,000 to our associate relief fund to support them during this tragic time. ‘We have made the decision, effective immediately, to close our corporate office in Moscow, and pause the opening of upcoming hotels and all future hotel development and investment in Russia. ‘We have been closely monitoring the deteriorating situation in Ukraine, Russia and neighboring countries, and remain in regular contact with our teams on the ground, as we work to comply with sanctions and applicable laws. Our hotels in Russia are owned by third parties and we continue to evaluate the ability for these hotels to remain open. ‘We deplore the loss of life, widespread impacts to millions of innocent civilians and the humanitarian disaster in Ukraine. We strongly support those working towards peace and an end to the needless suffering. Unilever has suspended all imports and exports of its products in and out of Russia, as well as stopping its advertising and media inside the country – but like other firms, it will continue to supply Russians with essential items. ‘We have suspended all imports and exports of our products into and out of Russia, and we will stop all media and advertising spend. We will not invest any further capital into the country nor will we profit from our presence in Russia,’ the company said in a statement. ‘We will continue to supply our everyday essential food and hygiene products made in Russia to people in the country. We will keep this under close review.’ While many luxury brands including Prada, Burberry and Louis Vuitton have closed their Russian branches, one which remains operational is Italian designer Salvatore Ferregamo. A spokesperson for the company has said that they do ‘not operate directly in Russia’, with business ‘managed by a local distributor’. It’s been reported that around 1% of the company’s revenue comes from Russia. While PepsiCo has suspended the sale of Pepsi, 7Up and Mirinda in Russia, as well as pulling out of advertising and promotional activities, it continues to offer other essential products to Russian citizens. ‘As a food and beverage company, now more than ever we must stay true to the humanitarian aspect of our business,’ the soft drink giants said in a statement. ‘That means we have a responsibility to continue to offer our other products in Russia, including daily essentials such as milk and other dairy offerings, baby formula and baby food. ‘By continuing to operate, we will also continue to support the livelihoods of our 20,000 Russian associates and the 40,000 Russian agricultural workers in our supply chain as they face significant challenges and uncertainty ahead.’ Pepsi’s suspension of certain products is said to be hugely significant – as it was one of the few Western brands available in Russia during the days of the Soviet Union. Mars is another company which has suspended certain aspects of its Russian operation – such as advertising – as well as donating money to the Ukrainian cause. However the company, which makes much of its pet food in Russia, are continuing to manufacture and supply products there, with CEO Grant F Reid saying on March 1: ‘We are appalled by what is happening in Ukraine and are striving to provide our courageous Ukrainian Associates with the support they need. Their safety is our absolute priority and teams of Mars Associates have been working diligently to provide shelter, financial security and aid. ‘In addition to donations of food that have been provided by Mars business units, we’re making an initial cash donation of $2 million in support of this humanitarian crisis. ‘Working with Save the Children, we’re committing $1.5 million to help provide for the basic needs of children and their families in Ukraine and seeking refuge in border countries, as well as $500 thousand to Humane Society International to give assistance to pets and pet owners. ‘At the outset of the invasion we stopped all social media activity in Russia and Belarus, and we have decided to suspend all advertising in Russia and Belarus. Furthermore, we have suspended new investments in Russia. ‘We join the world in supporting the innocent victims of this war and calling for a peaceful resolution immediately.’ Like other major hotel chains, Intercontinental has suspended some of its business in Russia – but its hotels remain open, for the time being. The company has closed its corporate office in Moscow as well as suspending investment in future hotels in Russia, addressing the move in a statement. ‘We are deeply saddened and shocked by the war in Ukraine and our thoughts continue to be with all those impacted by these horrific events. IHG has a commitment to look after the people and communities where we have a presence around the world,’ IHG noted in its own statement. ‘We have long-term management or franchise agreements with independent third-party companies that own the hotels in Russia.’ MORE : Ukraine prepares to move sensitive data away from Russian forces Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.  Numerous tech companies are joining the growing list of tech brands that are suspending their operations in Russia amid its invasion of Ukraine. The latest batch of companies doing so includes several notable names, such as Netflix, PayPal, Mastercard, Visa and more. Over the weekend, Netflix said it’s suspending its… In "Business" No longer available in Russia (pic: Sony) Every major video game company in the world has now stopped selling its games and hardware in Russia, including preventing digital sales. Like everyone else, from McDonald’s to Netflix, most video game companies have already stopped doing business with Russia, in protest at… In "Metro" McDonald’s is one of the many Western companies no longer operating in Russia (Picture: Getty Images) The global response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on February 24 has been startling – with the international community slapping tough sanctions on the country in the wake of the war. However, it’s not… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!