   Tesla has raised the prices of its electric vehicles for the second time within the month. After adding $1,000 to some long-range models last week, the automaker has now implemented a much larger price increase across its lineup. As Electrek reports, its prices now start at $46,990 for the base Model 3, $2,000 higher than before. The Model 3 Dual Motor All-Wheel Drive is now $2,500 more expensive at $54,490, and the Performance version now costs $3,000 more at $61,990. Meanwhile, Model Y’s prices now start at $62,990, or $2,000 higher than before, for the Long Range version. Tesla has increased the Performance version’s pricing by $3,000, as well, which means it’ll now set you back $67,990. For both Model S options, Tesla has added $5,000 on top of their previous prices, so you’ll have to spend at least $99,990 for one. None of the other EVs got a price increase as big as the Model X, though, which now costs $10,000 more at $114,990. One of the materials affected by the Russian invasion of Ukraine is nickel, with its prices soaring and more than doubling since the war started. Russia is a key supplier of the metal, which is a critical component of lithium-ion batteries used by Tesla and other EV manufacturers. In addition, Electrek says Tesla is experiencing a massive surge in new orders due to heightened interest in electric vehicles caused by the rise in gas prices. What are your thoughts about probable inflation rate over next few years? — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 13, 2022  Editor’s note: This article originally appeared on Engadget. Mariella Moon Contributor Mariella Moon is an associate editor at Engadget. More posts by this contributor SpaceX loses 40 Starlink satellites to a geomagnetic storm SEC subpoenas Tesla over settlement regarding Musk’s tweets Elon Musk says Tesla will do nothing to stop United Auto Workers (UAW) from holding a union… In "Business" Jon Fingas Contributor Jon Fingas is a contributing writer at Engadget. More posts by this contributor Elon Musk accuses SEC of conducting a ‘harassment campaign’ Fisker starts taking reservations for its $29,900 Pear EV Tesla’s Model 3 has been Consumer Reports‘ top EV choice for the past two years, but… In "Business" Mariella Moon Contributor Mariella Moon is an associate editor at Engadget. More posts by this contributor WhatsApp begins offering Novi money transfers to some users in the US SpaceX launches a NASA telescope that will observe black holes Popcorn Time, the app that was once popular for making pirating movies… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!