The round, which comes as Sokowatch rebrands to Wasoko, a Swahili word meaning “People of the Market”, was led by Tiger Global and Avenir Growth Capital with participation from VNV Global, Binny Bansal (Flipkart Co-founder), and Sujeet Kumar — co-founder Udaan — as well as existing investors Quona Capital, 4DX Ventures, and Jam Fund. The new brand direction reinforces the company’s shift from its origins as a back-end distribution software platform in East Africa, to a public brand providing free delivery of essential goods and working capital financing to informal retailers across opposite ends of the African continent. Wasoko is now available in Abidjan, Côte d’Ivoire and Dakar, Senegal, the company’s first locations in West Africa. This is a step into revolutionising access to consumer goods across Africa’s $600 billion informal retail sector. The new capital will enable Wasoko to drive further geographic expansion and product growth across the continent. The company is exploring expansion into Nigeria and Southern Africa, while continuing to consolidate its market-leading position across its six current countries. Wasoko is also examining opportunities to expand its product offering to verticals such as merchant point-of-sales systems, bill payments, and social commerce through both internal innovation as well as strategic investments and acquisitions of relevant companies.  Wasoko; empowering informal retailers Daniel Yu, global CEO and founder of Wasoko, said: “After more than six years building and constantly iterating on our operations, we are proud to have demonstrated the traction and quality of business required to raise funding from world-class investors. We’re fully focused on leveraging their strategic support to build one of the biggest e-commerce companies in the world and transform access to goods and services for African citizens across every corner of the continent.” Andrew Sugrue, founding partner at Avenir Growth Capital, also commented: “Informal retailers capture the vast majority of consumer spend in Africa, and they are dramatically underserved by existing distribution and financial infrastructure. We’re excited about the category-defining, Pan-African commerce platform Wasoko is building and the efficiencies it brings to these retailers and their suppliers through a combination of superior product selection, logistics, and financial services.” As Wasoko continues to strengthen its presence across Africa, the company has made several transformative appointments to its senior leadership team including Mellany Msengezi — ex Airtel — as Head of Marketing; Aurelien Barreau — ex Carrefour — as Head of Sourcing; and Georges Bejjani — ex. Jumia — as Head of Business Intelligence. Wasoko is currently recruiting for a number of roles including Chief Operations Officer and Chief Product Officer as well as Engineers and Product Managers at all levels and a host of other positions throughout the business.  The post Sokowatch Rebrands to Wasoko, Raises $125m Series B appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Informal retail is king in Africa, with hundreds of billions of dollars of consumer goods are sold through its channels yearly. Yet its industry remains highly fragmented as shop owners and kiosks still have issues around access to capital and getting goods regularly and on time from suppliers and distributors.… In "Tech News" TradeDepot, a B2B marketplace that connects micro-retailers with distributors and manufacturers of fast moving consumer goods (FMCGs), has acquired Green Lion, its competitor in Ghana, for an undisclosed amount, paving the way for its growth, and the delivery of its services across the West African country. The acquisition involves a… In "Business" MarketForce, the retail B2B and end-to-end distribution platform founded in Kenya, has raised $40 million in Series A funding for its merchant inventory financing and expansion across Africa. MarketForce, which was launched in Uganda, Tanzania and Rwanda last year after growing beyond Kenya and Nigeria, plans to introduce buy-now-pay-later (BNPL)… In "Tech News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!