 An insight into the eligibility of midfielder Conor Gallagher for Crystal Palace’s upcoming showdown with parent club Chelsea has been provided on Sunday evening. Patrick Vieira’s Palace, of course, were pitted against the might of the European champions in the semi-finals of the FA Cup earlier today. Whilst Premier League title contenders Liverpool and Manchester City go head to head on the other side of the draw, the Eagles will take to Wembley on the 16th of April, hopeful of causing an upset to book their spot in the competition showpiece in mid-May. Such endeavours would no doubt have been greatly aided by the presence of the aforementioned Conor Gallagher, in the midst of a starring season-long loan spell from none other than Chelsea. As confirmed by the reliable Matt Woosnam of The Athletic on Sunday evening, though, Palace will in fact be forced to make do without their midfield all-rounder at Wembley next month. This comes with the FA’s rules dictating that ‘The Association will not give permission for players on loan or work experience to play against the lending Club’: Conor Gallagher is ineligible to face his parent club. #CPFC pic.twitter.com/njwROnBNdx — Matt Woosnam (@MattWoosie) March 20, 2022  For clarity, this particular clause says a player is eligible to participate in the FA Cp as a whole if permission is given. HOWEVER point iv (screenshot above) is about whether or not the FA will allow to face parent club – they won’t. So Gallagher can’t play. #CPFC pic.twitter.com/lRudScIhKa — Matt Woosnam (@MattWoosie) March 20, 2022  Gallagher, for his part, played a starring role once more earlier today, as Palace booked their spot in the final four of the FA Cup. A showdown with Premier League rivals Everton at Selhurst Park saw the Eagles run riot, en route to an eventual 4-0 triumph. And though he himself did not manage to get his name on the scoresheet, Gallagher’s all-action exploits in the middle of the park proved enough to secure for the 22-year-old the official Man of the Match award: Introducing your @Emirates Player of the Match… 🥁@CPFC‘s Conor Gallagher!
#EmiratesFACup pic.twitter.com/o6uVlvQ57S — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) March 20, 2022    Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!