 The Argentine has been on Juve’s books since 2015 but is now departing for nothing as he is not happy with the last contract proposal made by the Turin-based outfit. This has led to speculation over where Dybala will end up. One potential destination being touted is Tottenham, who were linked with the forward several years ago and now have Fabio Paratici, a man heavily focused on Serie A talent, leading recruitment. However, comments from football.london’s Alasdair Gold suggested a Spurs move for Dybala actually isn’t that likely: “The whole Dybala thing is an interesting one. It feels very 2019! “The fact that he’s expected to be a free agent means you can’t rule anything out, but it feels like a slightly more awkward fit for Spurs in this moment than it did three years ago. “As a free agent, the 28-year-old will be able to request huge wages and his injury record is not the greatest now. This season alone he’s missed 13 matches, mostly with muscle problems, and last season he missed three months with a medial collateral ligament injury. “There’s no doubting he’s talented and still scores goals, with 13 this season from 29 matches – eight in Serie A – but I’m not sure Fabio Paratici is as desperate to sign him as is being reported in some quarters.”  Even if Spurs were interested in Dybala, they should probably focus on strengthening other areas of their squad first. It is obvious that Tottenham need a new centre-back or two, with the right-wing-back spot also especially weak. Should Harry Kane leave in the summer a greater focus should be put on improving their attack, but for now, it seems odd for Spurs to be eyeing a player in Dybala’s position. Tottenham have submitted the ‘most firm’ offer for the coup signing of Paulo Dybala following talks with Fabio Paratici, it’s been claimed. Dybala, who is set to be a free agent this summer, emerged as Spurs‘ top striker target after Juventus made Dusan Vlahovic his team-mate. Director of football Paratici… In "Slider 1" Tottenham are hoping to snatch Argentina international Paulo Dybala from Juventus and have now discovered the Italian giants’ stance over his future. Dybala, who is set to be a free agent this summer, emerged as top Tottenham target after Juventus made Dusan Vlahovic his team-mate. Director of football Fabio Paratici… In "Sports" Another top player is set for a move away on a free this summer, as it has been confirmed that Paulo Dybala will not be renewing his Juventus contract at the end of the current campaign, and will instead seek football away from Turin. Dybala had been a mainstay of… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!