WWE will posthumously honour Shad Gaspard at the 2022 Hall of Fame ceremony. The late Cryme Tyme star tragically died aged 39 in May 2020 after he got caught under a strong rip current at Venice Beach, and urged lifeguards to save his 10-year-old son. Now, WWE has confirmed Gaspard will be recognised with the Warrior Award for his ‘heroic efforts’. The prize was introduced in 2015 and is presented to someone who has ‘exhibited unwavering strength and perseverance, and who live life with the courage and compassion that embodies the indomitable spirit of the Ultimate Warrior’. In May 2020, the star and his then 10-year-old son were caught in a strong rip current while swimming in the ocean near Venice Beach. It was reported the wrestler’s last words were ‘save my son’ as he urged a lifeguard to get his boy to safety before Gaspard himself was washed out to sea. Meanwhile, Fox Sports has revealed his widow Siliana Gaspard and their son will be at the Hall of Fame ceremony on April 1 to accept the award on his behalf. There will also be plenty of WWE superstars in attendance who were close to Shad, including Raw’s Shelton Benjamin, who has kept his friend’s memory alive in interviews and on social media. Some fans are calling for his former Cryme Tyme tag team partner JTG to make an appearance, given how close they were and the star’s recent calls for Gaspard to be honoured in this way.  AEW couple Tay Conti and Sammy Guevara pose totally nude after X-rated title confession   WWE star Ronda Rousey suffers injury days before WrestleMania 38 match   Bridgerton season 1 recap: What happened at the end of the Netflix series?  He’s yet to respond to the news, but he previously revealed how his is working to honour his friend’s legacy. He exclusively told Metro.co.uk: ‘Besides my passion, it would definitely be representing both Shad and myself. I’m not just representing myself anymore. When people see JTG, Jay Tha Gawd, they automatically think of Shad. ‘I wanna make sure I represent the team and myself and him in the best light possible, and keep Cryme Tyme alive with whatever I do forwards.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ex-WWE star JTG keeping late Cryme Tyme partner Shad Gaspard’s memory alive with NWA run MORE : WWE star Sami Zayn reveals why he ‘never liked’ Jackass as he prepares to face Johnny Knoxville at WrestleMania Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!