 Subscribers thronged to their gates, wooed by cheaper subscription rates and other associated lip-smacking add-ons. Unfortunately, the company began gleefully spending their income and profits as quickly as they could be generated. They signed on employees with mind-numbing remunerations, and the CEO was said to have even gone on a shopping and travelling spree, renting unnecessarily large office spaces at horrendous prices and remunerating himself with a salary that the accounts could barely keep pace with. Needless to say, it all came to a fantastical end when transmission rights were lost not very long after and the CEO had to account for an amazingly depleted account and some awkward debts. It goes without saying, that whether you’re blessed to start a company with so much funding and financial backing you can write a cheque for whatever bill is thrown at you, or you barely have enough financial fuel to get off the runway, the attitude of bootstrapping, and its similitudes, go a long way in determining business success, and how much influence your business, and idea, will eventually have in the market space. Bootstrapping as a terminology has been around since small businesses were a thing, however, its meaning and application, it seems, are usually lost on the average contemporary entrepreneur, some of whom come to me declaring outlandish amounts required to get an idea off the ground and how investor funding could just be the magical answer to their route to market challenges. In more cases than not, the simple question of, ‘And, how far have you been able to take this idea on your own?’ usually yields hem and haws, and in some cases, the conversation ends before it even begins. So, let’s reacquaint ourselves with bootstrapping and its necessities for business longevity. Bootstrapping has come to be considered a contemporary business art form since it requires loads of creativity to execute without coming across as stingy or unduly starving your business, and, sometimes, co-workers/partners, of basic necessities on the grounds of frugality. It thus refers to the process of starting, or running a company, mostly from personal savings and/or borrowed funding from family, friends or close associates. Bootstrapped businesses traditionally do not rely on outside financing methods, such as investor support, crowdfunding or bank loans at its inception. Rather, as the name suggests, entrepreneurs must “pull themselves up by their bootstraps”, using their own capital to launch and manage their business properly until such times as expansion becomes inevitable and external funding, indispensable. Bootstrapping is therefore a grinding lesson in hardwork and business flexibility when it comes to achieving your start-up objectives. It is neither easy nor a glamorous way to begin your journey, as it requires a lot of self–motivation, diligence, and self–organization to succeed. Executed properly, these ultimately force you to become a more creative, and emotionally stronger entrepreneur. Consider it a compulsory indoctrination stage into the world of business as it tests your commitment and determination to really go the whole nine yards in seeing ideas through. This thus keeps the start-up, product-focused in its early years, allowing for concepts, or the concept, on which the start-up was essentially founded, to mature, at least, into a minimum viable product or service. By testing and correcting all the chinks before widescale market adoption, also allows the business to boast of certain milestone achievements before fundraising rounds begin. Something most, if not all potential investors, are oft times more easily wooed by. As a bootstrapper and founder, you are your company’s original, and only shareholder. As a result, you will rarely be as cautious with other people’s money as you will tend to be with yours, allowing you take certain risks and make smarter and faster decisions with less outside influence, leading to a quicker learning curve and faster progress. Some worthwhile strategies for successfully staying bootstrapped are: And finally, Ultimately, bootstrapping a startup is a fun and eye-opening experience, but you have to persevere as it can be difficult in the beginning, though by no means impossible. With the right amount of hard work, collaboration, and passion for your idea, it is almost easy to give up a chunk of your personal life today for the sake of a better future. So, by all means, fall, but never give up… Brain Essien is a business consultant, with expertise in digital marketing, crowd funding and business plan/proposal formulation and design. mcbrainandcompany@gmail.com. +234703-444-6041. For SMEs looking to give the Shuppendi App a test run: https://bit.ly/3riGlPB The post Boostrapping for business success appeared first on Nairametrics. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!