This Prize, running for its first year, seeks to recognize and support the efforts of Savvy Fellows working to solve some of the world’s most pressing problems through innovative and sustainable ways. The debut edition of the Savvy Prize is being supported by The Roddenberry Foundation ($3,000) and Because International ($1,450), which comes with a lot of benefits including cash prizes, product development support, and marketing endeavours. Out of nearly 3,000 applications from over 120 countries, and a rigorous judging process, 30 semifinalists emerged from 11 countries. These amazing changemakers proceeded to the final round, which included a public voting process and a one-minute pitch video submission of their projects. The four finalists are: 1st Prize Winner ($1,450): Grace Amuzie (Isrina Schools) from Nigeria Isrina Schools offers a low-cost educational service solution that enables low-income families to afford their children access to basic quality education through the recycle pay project initiative, which enables these families to afford Isrina Schools’ inexpensive educational service and learning necessities. 2nd Prize Winner ($1,000): Huu Truong Ngo (goHeo) from Vietnam With goHeo, kids earn money through chores, set saving goals, spend wisely, and invest. Kids and parents log into the app but have different experiences. Parents set flexible controls and receive real-time alerts, while kids monitor their balances, set goals, and learn how to manage money. 3rd Prize Winner ($550): Catherine Nakayemba (Safe Girl) from Uganda Safe Girl manufactures and distributes reusable, washable sanitary pads to adolescent girls and women for menstrual protection, to be reused for up to one year. In 2020, Safe Girl tested its market viability in local markets and sold 200 reusable sanitary pads, collecting $300 in revenue within three months. Product Innovation Prize Winner ($1,450): Tolulope Olukokun (ThinkBikes) from Nigeria ThinkBikes manufactures local electric road and cargo bicycles to move goods. Due to the high cost of ownership, ThinkBikes leases these bikes for affordable mobility of goods and people in urban and rural areas. This gives flexibility on quality, strength, and cost of procurement.  The post Savvy Fellows Announce Winners of the 2022 Savvy Prize appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Application for the 2022 Savvy Global Fellowship Programme for Aspiring and Early-Stage Entrepreneurs is now open!  Are you passionate about solving some of the world’s most pressing problems through innovation? Have you ever wanted to build a successful impact-driven business, but didn’t know how to? Do you own an early-stage… In "Tech News" Chidi Nwaogu, a Nigerian tech entrepreneur and software developer has emerged as one of 10 finalists of Africa’s Business Heroes competition, a flagship philanthropic program by the Jack Ma Foundation to support African entrepreneurs. This qualifies him for a part of the $1.5 million in grant funding, according to a… In "Business" The “Africa’s Business Heroes” (ABH) prize competition, one of the Jack Ma Foundation’s flagship philanthropic programs spotlighting and celebrating Africa’s entrepreneurial talent, has opened applications for its fourth annual edition. Entrepreneurs from all 54 African countries, across every sector, age group, and gender, are now able to submit their applications,… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!