Happy Birthday Aries, the sun is officially in your sign. This celestial focus might turn your attention to humanitarian issues, and you might meet some like-minded friends along the way. But what about the rest of the signs? It’s your lucky day Pisces, so get ready to dream big. Leo, make sure to read the small print before making any money decisions. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, March 21, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 Keen to help others? A focus on a spiritual and compassionate zone can find you paying more attention to humanitarian issues. This may be an ongoing theme that finds you making friends who support the same causes as you. The ideas you encounter could change you in more ways than one. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Any social events attended could be delightful as you never know who you might meet. A lovely line-up hints at developments that put a smile on your face and result in opportunities for work or pleasure. There may be a surprise encounter that leaves you eager for more. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You’ll be in the mood to embrace an opportunity that could take you out of your comfort zone in a way you’ll enjoy. It’s time to think big as you’ll realise it might make you better off. Plus the Sun in your social zone means you’ll be ready to liaise with others who share your ideals. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You may be more willing to step out of your comfort zone and do something you’ve never tried before. With Mercury aligning with Jupiter there’s a chance your approach will bring big rewards. But there could be a misunderstanding with a friend that causes bad feeling unless you deal with it now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You’re geared up for fresh adventures with the weeks ahead encouraging you to embrace fresh possibilities. On the financial front, you may see something that seems a wise investment but check it matches you expectations before you pay up – there may be a few details that need ironing out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Conversations and encounters could make you smile and bring to light ideas and options that you might want to join in with. You’ll also be inclined to share your feelings and opinions as there will be less tendency for others to judge you and more chance to be your natural self. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 As expressive Mercury merges with jovial Jupiter, the world can seem a friendlier place, especially at work. This positive alliance may help you win over colleagues. Even so, don’t be in too much of a rush to grasp an exciting offer as it could involve changes that you aren’t ready for. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 It’s best not to make claims you can’t prove or promises you can’t keep as there may be a tendency to exaggerate. People might believe you because you seem so self-assured. If you sense something might overwhelm you, say so – others will understand. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A new understanding of your heritage could leave you enriched and grateful to your forebears for the gifts handed down to you. You might be ready to use your place as a base to start a business. Whatever plans you have could be the start of an exciting new phase. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You could be an ocean of support to someone who needs a shoulder to cry on and your words might lift them to a happier state. The Mercury-Jupiter merger is also excellent for furthering your own interests as others may welcome your ideas and lend support. Coincidences can bring you good luck. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may wonder whether it’s worth making your feelings public. The Moon and its tie to Venus suggests you could benefit. There are some things that need to be spoken about and letting those concerned know your situation might bring an immediate offer of help or some advice. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Dare to believe your dreams can become a reality. Even if others seem sceptical and try to talk you out of your plans, there’s no reason not to have a go. Plus, with a major focus on your sign and a lucky aspect on the field, one opportunity may be too good to miss, even if it does mean being very bold. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness What does this Monday hold? (Picture: Getty/Metro.co.uk) Ready to smash this week? It all starts with today. To help you through this Monday of all Mondays, here’s your star sign’s horoscope. Ahead, you’ll find your forecast for today, January 17, 2022. Virgos can expect a touch of drama, while Aquarius,… In "Metro" There’s a lot going on today (Picture: Getty/Metro.co.uk) Three planets are merging together today, so let’s find out which ones they are and what it means for your sign. Romantic Venus, powerful Mars and intense Pluto are lining up, and could be making it hard to focus. Aries, Taurus and… In "Metro" What does the new astrological year mean for you? (Picture: Getty/Metro.co.uk) The solar year resets today, which is basically the astrological equivalent of the New Year. Get ready to celebrate because this is a time of fresh ideas and positive vibes. So let’s see what’s in store! After a trying… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!