 High inflation in the broader eurozone is justification for the European Central Bank to normalize its ultra-loose monetary policy, the central bank added. “Bundesbank’s experts now believe that the inflation rate could reach 5 percent on average for the year,” Bundesbank head Joachim Nagel said in a statement. “The euro area is also expected to record a high rate of inflation. We need to keep our sights trained on the normalization of our monetary policy.” The inflation rate in Germany clocked in at 5.1 percent in February after hitting 4.9 percent the previous month, in both cases above expectations. Energy prices, in particular, have contributed to the price surge, a development that could last longer given Russia’s attack on Ukraine last week.  Eurozone data showed prices surging to 5.8 percent from 5.1 percent the previous month. The Bundesbank also said that it wouldn’t transfer any of its profits from interest payments to the country’s finance ministry, and said it has stocked up its risk provisions by €1.3 billion. FRANKFURT — Annual eurozone inflation accelerated unexpectedly in December, hitting a new peak at 5 percent, according to preliminary Eurostat data released Friday. Most analysts had anticipated inflation to slow to 4.7 percent in December, from a previous eurozone-record of 4.9 percent in November. The ECB targets inflation of 2… In "Politics" National leader of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has felicitated with the Chairman of the Nigeria Governors’ Forum and Ekiti State Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, on his 57th birthday. Tinubu, in a statement by his media office on Wednesday, prayed to God to grant Fayemi many more years… Similar post The Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is set to convene in two weeks for its periodic meeting. The notice of the meeting, released by the apex bank on its website, indicates that the 280th meeting of the MPC is scheduled to hold July 26… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!