 Why Become a Real Estate Agent? Real estate isn’t for everyone, but it’s certainly an exciting industry that offers a host of potential benefits, including:    5 Helpful Tips for Becoming an Agent As you think about becoming a real estate agent, here are several tips that will set you up for success: In order to obtain your real estate license, you’re going to have to take a course, pass the course exam, and then pass the actual licensing exam for your state. This will take time – so make sure you carve out space in your schedule. (If you don’t, you’ll continue to kick the can down the road and never actually find time to get the work done.)  There are plenty of different ways to become a real estate agent, but it all starts with taking a real estate course. We recommend looking for the most convenient option, like an online course. “An online real estate course is easier to fit around your lifestyle,” Real Estate U mentions. “You can earn your real estate license if you’re working full-time, part-time, completing a college degree, raising a family, or you want to get started as quickly as possible.” You’ll love the flexibility and affordability of online learning. Just remember to make time in your schedule so that you finish the course in a timely manner.  The real estate exam is usually pretty straightforward for those who are diligent about choosing a good salesperson course and taking it seriously. However, you will want to prepare for exam day by taking practice tests, studying terms, and getting comfortable with the format.  In order to legally practice once you’ve obtained your license, you have to “hang” your license with a broker. You’ll get a lot of letters and emails from potential brokers recruiting you to their companies, but choose wisely. Select one that has a fair commission structure and who is willing to train you up.  It’s important to have a posture of learning when you’re a new agent. Don’t expect to land million-dollar listings right away. Commit to spending at least the first 12 months of your career learning. Ask experienced agents in your office if you can tag along on showings or listen in when they meet with clients. If you bring in a big client that you aren’t sure you’re prepared for, offer to split the commission with another agent in order to learn from them. It’s more important that you establish a strong foundation in year one than it is to make a lot of money. Money follows knowledge and experience in this industry. You have plenty of years to pad your bank statements. Right now, the goal is to learn.  Adding it All Up If you want to be successful in real estate, the door is wide open. It’s up to you to walk through that door and take full advantage of the opportunities that are afforded to you. Good luck! The post 5 Tips for Becoming a Real Estate Agent appeared first on Information Nigeria. Investing in real estate can help you generate an additional source of income while also increasing the value of your money. However, it is not always all about profit; there are various risks to investing in real estate depending on how you approach the market. Real estate investing is the… In "Business" Ibukun Adebayo-Adedayo is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Rock Realty Limited and Today’s Bukka. The successful businesswoman is passionate to involve more women in the real estate sector through her new initiative, Women in Real Estate, Africa, (WIRE), which will be launched soon. In this interview with IFEOMA OKEKE,… In "Business" Investing in Nigeria offers many opportunities for you to grow your wealth. It is possible to make millions on the stock exchange, as well as to lose them. Let’s find out how much money you need to start investing, how to choose a broker, and whether there is a guaranteed… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!