The first leg holds at the Baba Yara Stadium in Kumasi and will be broadcast on NTA channels on StarTimes. The die is cast and the Black Stars will look to put behind their disappointing run at AFCON 2021 and try to secure the World Cup ticket. Nigeria and Ghana will face off in a two-legged affair with the winner on aggregates qualifying for the soccer fiesta in Qatar later in the year. Nigeria landed in Kumasi on Thursday morning. They are scheduled to return to Abuja immediately after the game in Ghana ahead of the second-leg scheduled for Tuesday. The Confederation of African Football (CAF) has approved a 100 percent capacity for the Baba Yara Stadium and more than 20,000 tickets have already been sold. The Ghana vs Nigeria football rivalry is among the oldest and most proliferate rivalries in African football. It reflects the long-standing socio-economic rivalry between the two nations which are two of the five Anglophone nations in West Africa and home to the largest populations in the region. Historically, the Black Stars have defeated the Super Eagles 25 times in the 56 meetings while their rivals have claimed wins on 12 occasions. 19 games have ended in draws. The post World Cup Qualifier: Osimhen, Ighalo Lead Super Eagles Attack Against Ghana Live on StarTimes appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. The Ghanaian Football Association (GFA) are putting finishing touches to ensure the Black Stars upstage Nigeria the forthcoming World Cup qualifying match on Friday, March 25, and the return leg at Abuja on Tuesday, Match 29 respectively. To this effect, the association has invited Felix Afena-Gyan, AS Roma’s forward to… In "Slider 1" The Super Eagles of Nigeria have departed the Federal Capital Territory for Ghana ahead of their World Cup qualifier clash against Black Stars. The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Thursday confirmed that the Super Eagles would land in Kumasi, the venue of the match. According to NFF, the men's football… In "Breaking News" The head coach of the Ghana men's football team, Otto Addo has released a 27 player list to play with the Super Eagles of Nigeria in the two-legged World Cup play-off. The Ghana Football Association in a post on its website noted that it will play the 1st leg at… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!