 Sainsbury’s, the second-largest operator in the U.K. market, announced Friday that it would remove from its stores all products “that are sourced 100 percent from Russia,” including Russian Standard vodka and Karpayskiye black sunflower seeds. The organization also said it is renaming its chicken Kiev product to chicken Kyiv in recognition of Ukraine’s preferred spelling of its capital city, with the new packaging available in the coming weeks. “We stand united with the people of Ukraine,” a spokesperson said. It comes after POLITICO revealed Thursday that Co-Op Food had taken Russian Standard vodka off sale “with immediate effect” as the brand is “overtly marketed as being Russian” and is produced in the country. “In response to the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces and as a sign of solidarity with the people of Ukraine, we have taken the decision to remove from sale Russian-made vodka,” a Co-Op spokesperson said. Morrisons, the fourth-largest U.K. supermarket chain, announced the same measure later Thursday. British retailer Marks & Spencer meanwhile said it had suspended shipments to its Turkish franchise’s Russian business given “the unfolding humanitarian crisis following the invasion of Ukraine.” FIBA Holding operates Marks & Spencer stores in Turkey, Russia and Ukraine. POLITICO approached other U.K. businesses for comment. Another major chain who did not want to be identified said Thursday it is following the British government’s rules about trading with Russia, which currently do not include bans on Russian food and drink, and said it will adapt to any changes. The moves come amid similar actions on the European Continent in protest at Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Finland and Sweden were the first to ban liquor from Russia, followed later by authorities in Norway. Major supermarkets across Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania went further in banning all goods originating from Russia. The U.K. is the largest importer of Russian vodka globally, totalling $22 million in 2020. Russian Standard vodka is distilled in the Russian port city of St. Petersburg. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!