Erik ten Hag is reportedly ready to take the reins at Manchester United and also has plans to keep interim boss Ralf Rangnick in his dugout. The Red Devils are intensifying their pursuit of a new manger to replace Rangnick in the summer with Ajax boss Ten Hag and PSG’s Mauricio Pochettino among the frontrunners. According to The Mirror, Ten Hag is now ready to walk away from the Dutch club and test himself against the world’s best managers in the Premier League. The 52-year-old has been with the Eredivisie side since 2017 but has grown frustrated at Ajax’s constant turnover of players given the club’s desire to sell top talent once a substantial offer is made. As things stand, Rangnick will move into a consultancy role at United in the summer but Ten Hag could be keen to keep the former RB Leipzig boss in the dugout for his tactical expertise. The Dutchman, who previously worked closely with Ajax’s technical director Marc Overmars before he was forced to step down, already has strong support from those at United. Rangnick, who could also have a say on his successor, is said to be a big fan of Ten Hag’s work to date. Discussing the importance of having someone upstairs sat in the dugout on match days, Ten Hag previously said: ‘Ideally, I wanted Marc on the bench. I don’t have to think twice about that. ‘I started to believe in that construction when I was working in Germany. ‘My education as a manager in top level football I had at Bayern Munich. There is hardly a better education for a coach or a manager. ‘I love the German model. In Germany it is a common thing that sporting directors sit right next to you on the bench there. ‘If you have a good sporting director, you know he takes a lot of the noise away around the manager – both internally and to the outside world.  ‘I would love it!’ – Ray Parlour urges Arsenal to sign ‘top’ Man Utd star   Man Utd suffer major injury blow ahead of Tottenham showdown   ‘Sort it out!’ – Gary Neville fires transfer warning to Manchester United star  ‘He will back you up and will also take away all the hassle with football agents. That way I can fully concentrate on the team and the development of the players. ‘I can only see the advantages of a sporting director close to you on the bench. I want a sporting director who can be honest and straight. ‘If something is not right, you know quickly and can be told to your face because you work with each other every day.’ MORE : Ralf Rangnick praises Man Utd duo’s ‘best performances’ under him in Spurs win MORE : Gary Neville sends Cristiano Ronaldo transfer message to Man Utd board after Spurs heroics For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!