Ukrainian snooker star Iulian Boiko has explained how his family have fled their country, while his friends have been forced to spend most of their time underground during the Russian invasion. The 16-year-old – who became the youngest professional ever in 2020 – is trying to focus on his snooker career in the UK, and picked up an impressive win over Liam Davies at the Welsh Open this week, but his concentration is understandably on the horrors in his home country. Now back in Sheffield after losing out to Mark Allen in the second round in Newport, Boiko explains how his family have left Ukraine, but his friends have been forced underground to try and keep safe. ‘The situation is terrifying, there is full scale war going on,’ Boiko told ITV’s Good Morning Britain. ‘Attacks, explosions, missiles so it’s really terrifying because I’m really worried for all the people who are there, all the Ukrainians, it’s really bad. ‘They [family] are all safe. At the time of invasion fortunately my father and two of my brothers were out of the country. Mum had to flee to come to Poland and for now they’re safe. ‘My parents continue doing their job from Poland and also they’re helping people find shelters and places to stay so I’m really proud of them. ‘I think this is what unites our country, that all of the people are helping each other at the moment. ‘I have a lot of friends and basically all of my team are like family to me, they’re all in Ukraine. I try to talk to them as much as I can, that’s why it takes a little bit of focus and concentration out of snooker because you realise that’s not as important as the people’s peace and lives. ‘They have to stay underground most of the time. Everybody’s looking for safe places to stay, to survive all those explosions and attacks from Russia.’  Ronnie O’Sullivan happy to miss World Snooker Championship for ‘better offer’   2022 Welsh Open Snooker draw, schedule, TV channel, prize money and odds   Mark Selby explains mental health struggles during World Championship glories  Boiko has some big snooker matches coming up as he looks to retain his tour card for next season, playing in the upcoming Turkish Masters, Gibraltar Open and then the World Championship qualifiers. However, snooker is a tough ask for him at the moment, with his mind on the horrific violence in Ukraine. ‘It is very difficult to concentrate with the terrifying things that are going on at home – and I am spending most of the days on the phone to family and friends,’ Boiko told reporters after his win over Davies. ‘I have been very worried about them, they are mostly in Kyiv, but also other parts of Ukraine that are under attack. Fortunately my family are all okay, I am here with my coach and a friend.’ MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan and Neil Robertson react to bizarre non-foul at Welsh Open: ‘That’s a shocker’ MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan expects test from Ding Junhui at Welsh Open: ‘It’s great to see him back’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Andriy Yarmolenko is going through an understandably difficult time (Picture: Getty Images) Andriy Yarmolenko will not feature when West Ham United host Wolverhampton Wanderers on Sunday in the Premier League as he has been granted some time off due to the war in his homeland, Ukraine. Hammers manager David Moyes… In "Metro" Louis Heathcote is one of the brighter young stars in snooker but has had to take work elsewhere (Picture: WST) Louis Heathcote is battling to climb the snooker ranks, but his ambitions are made all the more difficult to achieve by having to find work off the table to make… In "Metro" James Corden was ‘unable to process’ the scenes in Ukraine (Picture: The Late Late Show with James Corden) James Corden paid tribute to the people of Ukraine on Friday’s The Late Late Show, replacing his jokey opening monologue with a heartfelt message instead.  The comedian, 43, began the show with… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!