 Lukaku would make his long-awaited return to Chelsea this past summer. This was followed by the Belgian hitting the ground running at Stamford Bridge, netting three goals in his first three Premier League outings. However, Lukaku’s form then dipped off a fair bit before he picked up an injury that kept him out of four league ties. The hitman returned in gameweek 13, but his minutes were limited, something which was then not helped by a positive test for Covid-19. Things then looked to have turned a corner for the former Inter Milan standout when he scored two and assisted one in weeks 19 and 20 of the Premier League campaign. However, the striker then saw that interview released and his form has been poor since. Lukaku has failed to register a single goal or assist in his last six league outings for Chelsea, with his last two goals for the club coming in the FA Cup vs Championship opposition.  So, given that Chelsea, at the end of 2020/21, only looked as though they needed a proper no.9 to truly challenge Manchester City and Liverpool, Lukaku’s return has not gone to plan to say the least. And with Kai Havertz seemingly now Chelsea’s main central option, Lukaku is a very expensive sub. However, it looks as though the west Londoners have a chance to get rid of the striker this summer as he is seemingly attracting interest from PSG. As per Football Insider, PSG are interested in signing Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku this summer, with the French club looking to rejig their attack in the upcoming window. And given Kylian Mbappe is out of contract in the summer, it would make sense for the Parisian outfit to sign a new big-name attacker. No potential fee is mentioned in the report, but it is hard to see Chelsea being able to recoup what they paid Inter for Lukaku. Lukaku would make his long-awaited return to Chelsea this past summer. This was followed by the Belgian hitting the ground running at Stamford Bridge, netting three goals in his first three Premier League outings. However, Lukaku’s form then dipped off a fair bit before he picked up an injury that… In "Sports" Previous comments on the part of Jose Mourinho could help Chelsea get the best out of Romelu Lukaku. Lukaku would make his long-awaited return to Chelsea this past summer. This was followed by the Belgian hitting the ground running at Stamford Bridge, netting three goals in his first three Premier… In "Sports" Former Italy star Antonio Cassano has questioned Romelu Lukaku’s reported motives for seeking a mammoth transfer to Chelsea. Following several months linking the Blues with Erling Haaland, Inter striker Lukaku has become their top target. The London club have reportedly had a player-plus-cash offer involving Marcos Alonso rejected. However, Chelsea… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!