 Xander, from New York, who claims he belongs to “Zelensky Batallion” of the Ukraine’s International Legion, shared his experiences on Wednesday, while spotted in Korczowa reception centre, Poland. He revealed that he was in Ukraine until couple of days ago, when he left after an air strike occurred in Lviv region. After he reportedly suffered minor injuries, he decided to move to Poland to offer emotional and moral support to fighters who go or return from Ukraine. On February 27, president Vladimir Zelensky announced the creation of an International Legion for foreigners willing to fight side by side with Ukrainian forces, and introduced a visa-free regime for those who want to take part in military actions. Reportedly, around 16,000 foreigners volunteered to join Ukrainian International Legion. Listen to Xander in the video below.  The post American narrates experience fighting alongside the Ukrainian Army appeared first on Expressive Info. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss says she supports volunteers ‘fighting for freedom and democracy in Europe’ (Picture: Dan Charity) British veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan are travelling to Ukraine to fight the Russian army. Although the UK has not sent over any troops, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she… In "Metro" A call has been issued for ordinary people and foreign nationals to join Ukraine’s resistance (Picture: AP/Mikhail Palinchak/Efrem Lukatsky/Marcus Yam/ LA Times/Shutterstock) Volunteers from across the world are joining Ukraine’s resistance to the Russian invasion after a call to arms by the government. A Ukrainian veteran about to start a… In "Metro" The body of a Russian serviceman lies near destroyed Russian military vehicles on the roadside on the outskirts of Kharkiv on February 26, 2022, following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. AFP   Street fighting raged in Ukraine’s second-biggest city on Sunday after Russian forces pierced through Ukrainian lines, as both sides… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!