 READ ALSO: PLAYERS THAT MIGHT LEAVE. CHELSEA FOLLOWING THE RECENT SANCTION BY THE UK GOVERNMENT The statement was released on the official website of Chelsea on Thursday, March 10th, 2022. According to the statement released, the club will try and meet with the UK government in order to find a way around this latest developments. Chelsea Football Club has been advised that its owner Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK Government. By virtue of his 100 per cent ownership of Chelsea FC plc and affiliated entities, Chelsea FC would normally be subject to the same sanctions regime as Mr Abramovich. However, the UK Government has issued a general licence that permits Chelsea FC to continue certain activities. We will fulfil our men’s and women’s team fixtures today against Norwich and West Ham, respectively, and intend to engage in discussions with the UK Government regarding the scope of the licence. This will include seeking permission for the licence to be amended in order to allow the Club to operate as normal as possible. We will also be seeking guidance from the UK Government on the impact of these measures on the Chelsea Foundation and its important work in our communities.The Club will update further when it is appropriate to do so. The latest developments till further notice mean the club can not sell tickets or sell any of its merchandise. Chelsea can also not sign any player or review the contract of any player. The post Chelsea FC Releases Statement Concerning Government’s Sanction | See Details appeared first on NotjustOk. Chelsea have released a statement in response to UK sanctions and have confirmed they will seek amendments to the government’s operating licence. An announcement on Thursday confirmed Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK Government, freezing the billionaire’s planned sale of Chelsea. The 55-year-old Russian-Israeli businessman put Chelsea up… In "Slider 1" Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich may face sanctions before he is able to complete the sale of Chelsea Football Club after the Government announced it could target ‘hundreds’ of wealthy Russians in the UK as early as next Tuesday. Billionaire Abramovich has owned Chelsea since 2003, but announced on Wednesday, March 2 that… In "Slider 2" Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK government, a sanction that also affects Chelsea Football Club activities as a whole. Roman Abramovich On Thursday, March 10, 2022, it was announced that the UK government had sanctioned key Russian billionaires, one of which was Roman Abramovich, the current owner… In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!