The BBC will ‘temporarily suspend’ the work of all its BBC News journalists and support staff in Russia after authorities passed legislation which director-general Tim Davie said appeared to ‘criminalise the process of independent journalism’. The new censorship law could see reporters imprisoned for up to 15 years imprisonment for the publication of ‘fake news’ concerning its armed forces. Reacting to new legislation passed by the Russian authorities, Davie said: ‘This legislation appears to criminalise the process of independent journalism. ‘It leaves us no other option than to temporarily suspend the work of all BBC News journalists and their support staff within the Russian Federation while we assess the full implications of this unwelcome development. ‘Our BBC News service in Russian will continue to operate from outside Russia. ‘The safety of our staff is paramount and we are not prepared to expose them to the risk of criminal prosecution simply for doing their jobs. I’d like to pay tribute to all of them, for their bravery, determination and professionalism. ‘We remain committed to making accurate, independent information available to audiences around the world, including the millions of Russians who use our news services. He added: ‘Our journalists in Ukraine and around the world will continue to report on the invasion of Ukraine.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!