We have 40 artists, the stage is being built, and the Eurovision Song Contest is just weeks away. Following a bumper week of national finals, we now know all 40 artists who will be heading to Turin this May, as well as 38 of the songs (Azerbaijan and Armenia have yet to unveil their tunes). Among those revealed this week were some heavy Eurovision hitters and the United Kingdom’s rep, who we’re hoping will be out of this world. Ready for your updates? Here we go… Melodifestivalen came to an end over the weekend, with Cornelia Jakobs, Klara Hammarström, THEOZ, Anna Bergendahl, Tone Sekelius, John Lundvik, Robin Bengtsson, Andre Bagge, Faith Kakembo, Cazzi Opeia, MEDINA and LIAMOO competing for the honour of representing Sweden this year. In the end, it was Cornelia who came out on top with her song Hold Me Closer – think Tove Lo meets Olivia Rodrigo and you’ll get an idea of the sad girl anthem. Cornelia previously competed at Melfest with her former girl band Love Generation, but this will be her first time at Eurovision. Sweden is one of the most successful countries at Eurovision, with just one total win less than Ireland (who have seven). However, they missed out on the top 10 for the first time since 2013 last year, with Tusse’s Voices coming 14th, so Cornelia will be hoping for a slightly better result. Iceland have had an eventful few years at Eurovision – in 2019, after four years of non-qualification, they brought art collective and BDSM enthusiasts Hatari, who made international news by holding up the Palestinian flag during the voting in Tel Aviv. Then, for the eventually cancelled 2020 contest, they went viral with Daði og Gagnamagnið and Think About Things, with the quirky band coming fourth last year with their follow-up 10 Years (despite one member getting COVID and the group being unable to perform live). After becoming the hipster’s fave, they will be sending Sigga, Beta and Elín to Turin this year, after the group won the Söngvakeppnin final on Saturday. It came down to Sigga, Beta and Elín and Daughters of Reykjavík in the super final after five songs were whittled down to two, and the Icelandic public chose the former and their song Með Hækkandi Sól (With The Rising Sun) to represent them this year. Iceland has never won Eurovision, but has had two second place finishes – could they go one better this year? Also on Saturday night was Portugal’s national final Festival da Canção, and it was MARO who came out on top out of 10 contenders. MARO will bring her understated track Saudade Saudade (Longing) to Turin, and is hoping to move up the leaderboard from Portugal’s 2021 entry The Black Mamba, who came 12th. Portugal have been a wildly mixed bag of late – after four years of non-qualification, they won for the first time in 2017 with Salvador Sobral’s Amar pelos dois, but then came dead last in 2018 and failed to qualify the next year. As we reported last week, Sam Ryder was hotly rumoured to be the UK’s 2022 representative, and on Thursday, he was confirmed to be heading to Turin. The TikTok star is hoping that his song Space Man will reverse the UK’s recent Eurovision fortune, after Michael Rice and James Newman both came last (with Newman receiving nul points last year). While many critics will complain that Brexit has put an end to any possible success for the UK (spoiler: it hasn’t), Sam Ryder seems popular with punters, as he is currently fourth in the betting odds to take the whole thing. Savour it. Malta has confirmed what song Emma Muscat will be taking to Turin, and bizarrely, it’s not the song Emma won the national final with. She will be swapping Out Of Sight for the gospel-inspired I Am What I Am, which boasts songwriters including Julie Aagaard, who penned Klara Hammerstöm’s Melfest entry Run to the Hills. This is all fine within Malta’s national selection rules, as they do not state that the song sung by the winning artist is necessarily the one that goes to Eurovision. Ela has been chosen to represent Cyprus this year, and is merging English and the Greek language in her song Andromache – the name being inspired by a figure from Greek mythology. Cyprus very nearly won with fan favourite Fuego by Eleni Foureira in 2018, but their floorfillers since – Tamta’s Replay and Elena Tsagrinou’s El Diablo – haven’t cracked the top 10. Could a different approach take them to the top? Reigning champions Italy have landed their place in the running order, having not only been granted a free pass to the final as 2021’s winner but being guaranteed one anyway as one of the Big Five.  When is Eurovision 2022 and how to watch in the UK?   Eurovision 2022: TikTok star Sam Ryder confirmed to represent UK   Eurovision 2022: All the latest updates from Ukraine’s new entry to Norway’s fever dream  Unfortunately for them, Mahmood & Blanco will be performing ninth in the running order, which is not ideal. Songs in the second of the show are usually much more successful in the voting, and in the past 20 years, just one song has won from the first nine performances of the night (Turkey’s Sertab in 2003). However, the duo’s ballad Brividi is still one of the hot favourites to win the contest, only being overtaken in the odds by Ukraine’s entry Kalush Orchestra. The rest of the running order will be unveiled following the semi-finals on 10 and 12 May, with the UK, Spain, Germany and France also guaranteed places in the final on 14 May. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When is Eurovision 2022 and how to watch in the UK? MORE : Kate Garraway susses why UK could avoid last place in Eurovision 2022 after TikTok star Sam Ryder is announced as entry It’s been a busy old week in the world of Eurovision (Picture: Getty) The Eurovision Song Contest made headlines this week – and not because of NSFW lyrics or eclectic costumes. The show became a hot topic in international news due to President Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, leading to a… In "Metro" It’s been a busy week in Eurovision land (Picture: Backgrid; MEGA; Getty; Rex/Shutterstock) It seems it comes around quicker every year… no, not Christmas, not the cut-off for your tax returns (well, those too), but Eurovision season. You may only tune in for the grand final in May, or perhaps… In "Metro" Sam Ryder is headed to Eurovision! (Picture: Youtube/Sam Ryder) The UK’s act for Eurovision 2022 has officially been announced – TikTok legend Sam Ryder, who will be heading to Turin with his song Space Man. Scott Mills announced the exciting news on BBC Radio 1, pleading with fans to ‘get… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!