Two of the most fascinating and empowering women on screen are undeniably Sandra Oh and Jodie Comer in their iconic Killing Eve roles where one plays a sarcastic investigator and the other a lovable assassin. Since the show’s premiere in 2018, Eve Polastri and Villanelle captured audiences with their cat-and-mouse game as their style, charisma and confidence made fans want to be them as much as want to be there with them. From defying gender roles to portraying dominant women, Jodie and Sandra have done it all, and it’s no wonder fans have fallen head over heels for the loveable assassin and her sarcastic investigator. Their self-assurance and determination are what many women would envy, or, would be inspired by. Ahead of International Women’s Day on Tuesday – a global event devoted to the celebration of women, honoring their achievements, and fighting for equality – Metro.co.uk asked Killing Eve fans about two of the most powerful women on our screens at the moment. For some, it’s the representation on screen as two women take the lead and for once, it’s the sidekicks who are men. For others, it’s the thrill of the chase and watching the relationship between the two evolve. Both have their own quirks, senses of humour, and egos to deal with, and, of course their own insecurities. But when it comes to showing off what women can do, no one does it better. Jodie Comer fan Tonia Marta told Metro.co.uk: ‘Jodie is a force of nature. A woman of her time and a phenomenal actress, the best I’ve seen. Her Villanelle’s composition is a milestone of acting.’ Meanwhile, Ellie Muir told Metro.co.uk: ‘Having an undeniably strong woman like Jodie Comer as a female lead is so important to see on screens, it’s so encouraging, and will most certainly make young girls and women feel as though they can play bigger roles in life.’ And it’s not just in Killing Eve that Jodie’s defiant acting leaves an impression. ‘In The Last Duel, Jodie as Marguerite highlighted significant issues that are often ignored,’ viewer Mollie Garratt said, speaking of the gender politics and the reversal of outdated norms presented in Ripley Scott’s epic, a particularly pertinent role in line with this International Women’s Day theme: #breakthebias, encouraging action to identify and call out gender stereotyping. Reflecting on the impact Jodie has had on other women’s passions and careers, writer, director and actor Jessica Nangoi told Metro.co.uk how the British actress inspired her in her professional life ‘to act better.’ She said: ‘Earlier last year, I got a short movie project that challenged me, then I rewatched Killing Eve with a friend and it suddenly hit me how great Jodie was on delivering emotions through her microexpressions. ‘The combination of those motivated me more to explore acting. ‘As I saw her interviews, I also fell in love with her, not just with Villanelle. I have never been a fan of a younger actress before, but Jodie completely changed my mind.’ Completing the iconic duo of Killing Eve, Jodie’s partner in crime Sandra has gained even more popularity with fans since her Cristina Yang days, as she plays the powerful British intelligence investigator Eve Polastri. Jackie Surfers spoke of Sandra’s role as a strong woman at the forefront of screens, saying: ‘I can’t think of anyone else, who is as insightful, casually elegant, intelligent, with her own agency, and adorable as Sandra Oh. ‘As Cristina Yang, she unabashedly showed a woman could (and should) pursue self-actualization and fulfillment, it is to be admired and celebrated. ‘In Killing Eve, she’s at the helm, exploring female psyche from female point of view, what it means to be human, to be a woman; as Eve Polastri went on her journey, exploring moral ambiguity, dark urges, obsession and addiction, sexuality, and (hopefully) on her way to be whole, as her own woman. ‘Sandra puts it succinctly in her 2019 SAG award backstage speech: “Embrace your darkness and shadow. Because if you don’t make space for it, it’ll come in and destroy you.” ‘In the same speech, Sandra also said: “For us to see ourselves, it’s a deeply human need, and I’m here to do my best to fulfill that.”‘  When is the next episode of Killing Eve? How to watch it early   Killing Eve season 4 review: Sandra Oh and Jodie Comer drama has lost its edge   What time does Killing Eve series 4 start?  Jackie concluded: ‘As an Asian American woman, I don’t have the luxury of seeing faces like mine on screen very often, not to mention someone of her caliber in so many ways. ‘I owe Sandra a debt of gratitude. She is truly an inspiration.’ Killing Eve airs on Saturdays at 9.15pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Killing Eve has lost its edge as even Sandra Oh and Jodie Comer struggle to save lacklustre season 4 MORE : Killing Eve season 4: Jodie Comer and Sandra Oh return one last time in explosive trailer Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!