Kai Havertz has labelled Reece James a ‘special player’ after the wing-back’s goal and assist in Chelsea’s 4-0 win over Burnley on Saturday. After an extended spell on the sidelines with a hamstring injury, James made appearances off the bench in the Carabao Cup final last weekend and FA Cup clash against Luton in midweek. But the 22-year-old was handed his first start since his return to fitness at Turf Moor on Saturday and made a big contribution to his side’s victory. After a goalless first half, James opened the scoring with a low strike into the corner, before Havertz headed in a cross from Christian Pulisic. Just minutes later, Havertz got his second when he bundled in James’ cross, and the scoring was wrapped up by Pulisic not long after the third. ‘He’s a special player for us, a very important player for us,’ Havertz said of James, via BBC Sport. ‘He’s a full-back, but he also scores. He’s a great character and a very good player.’ On scoring twice himself, Havertz added: ‘It’s always very difficult when you don’t score, but these goals help. Sometimes you have to wait a bit to get them. I always want more and more.’  Turkish billionaire Muhsin Bayrak confirms Chelsea takeover bid   N’Golo Kante reveals how Chelsea squad reacted to Roman Abramovich selling club   John Terry urged to delete ‘appalling’ message to Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich  ‘We’re very pleased. The result is very good for us,’ Havertz continued. ‘We needed these goals and the clean sheet. It was difficult, especially in the first half. It was important that we scored early in the second half. ‘We switched our formation a little bit [at half-time] – I think that helped us. Reece’s goal was brilliant and it helped us a lot. We’re pleased about these four goals. ‘The confidence is there. I think after the loss in the Carabao Cup final it was a little bit hard to come back, but we showed great character in the FA Cup. ‘The first six months of the year were hard, especially the winter when we had a lot of injuries. We’re on a good run again and we want to keep that going.’ MORE : Chelsea have 10 credible buyers but Boehly-Wyss consortium hold major advantage MORE : Thomas Tuchel reveals what Petr Cech told Chelsea squad after Roman Abramovich confirmed sale decision For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!