Mauricio Pochettino still wants to lead Paris Saint-Germain to Champions League success – but is not sure whether he will still be at the club to deliver it next season. The Argentine is Manchester United’s leading target to become their new permanent manager with Erik ten Hag, Luis Enrique and Thomas Tuchel among the other names still under consideration. Pochettino’s future in the French capital is in doubt following PSG’s Champions League elimination last week – throwing away a 2-0 lead to crash out against Real Madrid. And while he may have offers to leave in the near future, Pochettino has not given up on coming back and winning that same competition with the French giants next season. ‘We are competitive by nature. This kind of challenge is an exciting one to take on… To give the possibility to fight for this (Champions League) title, it’s exciting,’ Pochettino said. ‘Beyond the sadness, to give PSG the possibility to fight to fulfil their objectives is always a great challenge. And yes, we feel capable of it. ‘Afterwards, it’s a question of exchanges. We will have to sit down with the club to exchange. To find the best formula. ‘To see the vision, the future, the ideas, the project.’  Gary Neville names the ‘brutal’ manager Man Utd should hire as Ralf Rangnick’s replacement   Paul Merson urges Declan Rice to leave West Ham and names ‘good move’ for midfielder   Cristiano Ronaldo makes decision on Man Utd future ahead of new manager appointment  Zinedine Zidane has been tipped to replace Pochettino as PSG boss should he leave with former Tottenham boss unable to confirm whether he will still be in charge this summer. ‘We will analyse everything at the end of the season,’ said Pochettino. ‘We will see at the end of the season (if I stay). It will be the club’s decision.’ MORE : Gary Neville rates Leeds United’s Premier League survival chances after stunning comeback against Wolves MORE : Thomas Tuchel responds to speculation linking him with Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!