 The new funding is a combination of equity and debt round to support its expansion into other African markets, mainly Kenya, Egypt, Ghana and Cameroon. The debt financing was provided by Credit Direct, a subsidiary of First City Monument Bank (FCMB) and a few unnamed financial institutions while Greenhouse Capital, a fintech and embedded finance-focused venture capital firm, participated in the equity round and new investors include Uncovered Fund, LongCommerce, First Circle Capital, and Adii Pienaar, co-founder and former CEO of WooCommerce. It also said it is looking to partner with telecom operators, Airtel Nigeria in its bid to expand both product-wise and geographically to further allow low to middle-income earners to purchase smartphones in instalments. CredPal on its Twitter page expressed excitement to be wrapping up the first quarter with the news of the new funding. Fehintolu Olaogun, CEO, CredPal, while explaining how CredPal is positioned amid the growing competition said one of the things that differentiate it from others is that it provides an omnichannel approach to BNPL. He said, “We’ve built out a merchant suite to cater to those who have like full-fledged e-commerce websites to those with brick and mortar store and social commerce merchants. We are merchants agnostic and also our tech allows consumers to be able to interface with CredPal across a wide range of channels.”  The post DEAL: CredPal lands $15 million debt and equity funding to improve BNPL across Africa  appeared first on Nairametrics. The adoption of buy now, pay later (BNPL) in Nigeria as a payment option both online and at the point of sale is expected to record a CAGR of 20% from 2021 to 2028, per this report. BNPL’s growth is further highlighted as GMV is predicted to increase from $204… In "Business" Moroccan B2B e-commerce and retail startup Chari confirmed to TechCrunch that it has secured a bridge round at a $100 million valuation. The bridge round welcomed new investors Khwarizmi Ventures, Air Angels and Afri Mobility, the venture capital arm of AKWA Group. They join existing investors (Y Combinator, Rocket Internet,… In "Tech News" MarketForce, a Kenyan retail distributor has raised $40 million Series A funding to facilitate merchant inventory financing and expansion beyond Nigeria and Kenya as it looks to enter more markets in East and West Africa. The new funding which is a combination of debt and equity comes seven months after… In "Tech News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!