 Ang Mo Kio residents are now able to access specialist care in their neighbourhood with the launch of a centre run by Tan Tock Seng Hospital (TTSH). The facility in Ang Mo Kio will involve polyclinics and general practitioners (GPs) more closely in managing the health of residents. This move will be in keeping with the recently announced Healthier SG strategy that shifts from a hospital-centric model to a more sustainable preventive care one. The TTSH Ang Mo Kio Specialist Centre brings a suite of specialist healthcare facilities and services right to where residents live and aims to offer continuity of care. According to TTSH, key services from three of its clinics – diabetes care, specialist eye care, and care for hearing-related issues – have been redesigned to make them more accessible, sustainable and appropriate for delivery at the Ang Mo Kio centre. African Export-Import Bank (Afreximbank) has announced the commencement of its African Medical Centre of Excellence (AMCE) project in Abuja, Nigeria. It will provide world-class care to both low and high-income patient groups across the continent. The Bank recently formalised its long-term collaboration with King’s College Hospital, London (KCH) on the… In "Business" KUNLE OMIDIORA, managing director of Alpha Mead Healthcare & Management Services (AMHS) is a versatile healthcare technology professional with degrees in computer science, information technology, business administration, and healthcare management. In this interview with JOSEPHINE OKOJIE, he speaks about the Modular Healthcare Facility and how it could enhance Nigeria’s healthcare… In "Business" Euracare is vying for a lead role in an industry where healthcare providers are jostling to win the heart of Nigerians who thirst for local solutions to preventive care. The Lagos-based private healthcare company has expanded its operations to include serving prime wellness services to patients as its full-fledged wellness… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!