 Tottenham Hotspur boss Antonio Conte made use of questions surrounding the wellbeing of his squad on Friday to aim a less than subtle dig at the medical department at the club. Speaking in a press conference ahead of his side’s upcoming Premier League showdown with Everton, Conte provided an update on a quartet of his side’s stars, in the form of Rodrigo Bentancur, Lucas Moura, Oliver Skipp and Japhet Tanganga. And, in a boost to the Lilywhites’ prospects, the club’s boss confirmed that the former pair will both be in contention to feature from the off on Monday. Skipp and Tanganga, on the other hand, remain unavailable: #thfc Conte on team news for Everton on Monday: “Bentancur is available. The same for Lucas Moura. For Skipp & Tanganga, they’re not available. We have to wait.” — Dan Kilpatrick (@Dan_KP) March 4, 2022  Conte, however, was not done there. As alluded to above, after providing the latest on the fitness of his squad, Spurs’ boss was also keen to highlight what he evidently feels has emerged as an area of concern at the club. This comes in the form of the situation in the medical room, amid a lack of communication on the part of the Lilywhites’ doctors: Conte not giving Spurs’ medical department an easy ride: “You should have a conference with the medical department. It’s too easy for the doctors to work here. They don’t speak and they don’t explain.” More of his answer in the press conference blog below. https://t.co/b0mUDL7E8B — Alasdair Gold (@AlasdairGold) March 4, 2022  Turning attentions back towards the road ahead, Conte and co. are set to welcome Everton to north London on Monday night in search of a bounce-back result. This comes after Tottenham were put to the sword in concerning fashion last time out, sent packing from the FA Cup at the hands of Championship outfit Middlesbrough. A return to winning ways in 72 hours’ time therefore marks something of a must for the capital outfit, amid the club’s ongoing pursuit of a top-4 berth in the Premier League.   Antonio Conte has called for Tottenham to arrange press conferences for medical staff to explain the club’s injury situation in detail. Spurs, like all Premier League clubs, have suffered from a host of injury issues across this season. This week, though, they were without four key players for their trip… In "Slider 1" Antonio Conte has revealed that neither Rodrigo Bentancur or Oliver Skipp will be fit to play any part in Tottenham’s trip to play Middlesbrough in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Tuesday night. Tottenham head to the Riverside stadium looking to avoid the fate of Manchester United, who… In "Sports" Antonio Conte revealed Tottenham chairman DanieL Levy “knows very well” what his intentions are amid growing exit speculation, and called for help from the club’s medical team after updating three injuries. Conte’s early months at Spurs have been characterised by thrilling highs and demoralising lows. That was never more evident… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!