Former Chelsea owner Ken Bates has criticised the restrictions imposed on the club after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the British Government. Chelsea have been granted a licence to continue all football-related activity by the Government but in response to Abramovich’s assets being frozen, the club are unable to sell tickets to supporters, sign players or renew contracts. And Bates, who sold Chelsea to Abramovich for £140 million in 2003, believes the Government’s decision means that ‘ordinary people’ are ‘suffering’ as a result of the Russian oligarch being sanctioned. ‘The fact that you can’t buy a Chelsea match programme must mean that Putin is s****** himself and all the ordinary people of Moscow are hiding in their cellars because they can’t see a Chelsea match on TV,’ Bates told MailOnline. ‘As usual it is the ordinary people who are suffering. You’ve probably got people working at Chelsea saying do they have a job? What is their future? Do they have security? And fans at Chelsea. What have they got to do with Putin bombing maternity hospitals in Ukraine? ‘That is hurting ordinary, English citizens. Makes no difference at all to Russia. ‘It makes the Civil Service a laughing stock of the world. I’ve dealt with civil servants most of my life and, by and large, they’re all bloody useless. ‘Abramovich turned around and said, ‘I’m going sell the club and whatever I get I’m going to give to charity’. They [the Government] have taken over the club. Fine. Why didn’t they appoint an administrator and get on with it? ‘Instead we’ve got all these regulations, which just get some good headlines. ‘England takes firm action against Russia.’ If we are trying to help Ukraine we should be doing things that are meaningful.’  Ukraine’s Andriy Yarmolenko in tears after scoring on return to West Ham team   Petr Cech speaks out on Thomas Tuchel’s future and sends message to new Chelsea owners   Lionel Messi and Neymar booed by Paris Saint-Germain fans after Real Madrid loss  Speaking about Abramovich’s sanctions, Bates replied: ‘I don’t feel sympathy for him. Why should I? He’s worth £7-8billion. ‘But he can only eat steak and chips twice a day, same as me. When he goes to his grave, his shroud won’t have any pockets in it.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Sky Sports’ Kaveh Solhekol has explained what the UK government’s sanctions against Roman Abramovich mean for Chelsea. DAILY POST reports that the Russian billionaire was finally sanctioned by the UK government on Thursday. The Russian billionaire had his assets frozen and has been prohibited from making transactions with UK individuals… In "Slider 2" Roman Abramovich has been disqualified as a director of Chelsea by the Premier League board but the sale of the club is expected to progress with Government oversight. The sanctioning of Blues owner Abramovich by the UK Government on Thursday, March 10, 2022, saw the Russian-Israeli billionaire’s UK assets frozen, including… In "Slider 2" In this file photo, Chelsea’s Russian owner Roman Abramovich takes his seat ahead of the English Premier League football match between Chelsea and West Ham United at Stamford Bridge in London. PHOTO: Justin TALLIS / AFP   Roman Abramovich has been disqualified as a Chelsea director by the Premier League… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!