When Meat Loaf famously sang, ‘I’d do anything for love (but I won’t do that),’ the second part of that lyric seemed to mysteriously pass some celebrity couples by. Over the years, we’ve seen pretty much every celebrity couple imaginable, from your Billy Bob Thorntons and Angelina Jolies to your Jennifer Lopez and Ben Afflecks and now even your Kim Kardashians and Pete Davidsons. But if there’s one thing that many of those pairings have in common, it’s that they’ll do some truly mad things for love. And we, dear reader, absolutely love to see it. So, after Kim K revealed Pete’s latest and most painful sounding romantic gesture, we’ve looked back at some of the most intense celeb romantic gestures. Brace yourselves. SNL star Pete is very much a tattoo guy, so when fans noticed the name ‘Kim’ knocking about on his chest a few months after they started dating, they thought little of it. That was until Kim revealed that her beau has had her name fully branded into his skin. Explaining the decision, Kim said on Ellen: ‘He wanted to do something that was really different because okay, first tattoo he got, I was like, “Thank you, oh my god,” second, I was like, “So cute,” but that’s what tattoo people do, right? They get tattoos of what’s going on in their life.’ Asked if he has three tattoos of her, Kim responded: ‘A little more than that.’ ‘The branding is my name,’ Kim continued. ‘The other ones are cutesy things. I think my favourite one, it says: “My girl is a lawyer.” And that one’s really cute.’ A celebrity couple for the ages! When MGK and Megan got engaged, it looked pretty magical. There was a banyan tree, for crying out loud. Then Megan said that they drank each other’s blood and MGK revealed that her engagement ring hurts to take off. Excuse us, guys? ‘The concept is that the ring can come apart to make two rings,’ MGK, real name Colson Baker, casually explained to Vogue after popping the question. ‘When it’s together, it’s held in place by a magnet. So you see how it snaps together? And then it forms an obscure heart. And you see this right here? The bands are actually thorns. So if she tries to take it off, it hurts…’ In all honesty, we weren’t sure if he was joking or not. We hoped he was. Then we got in touch with the designer. ‘Thorn is an iconic motif for Stephen Webster and has been woven into many of our collections for almost a quarter of a century,’ they told us. ‘In reference to MGK’s ring for Megan Fox, it depends on how you take it off. If you’re not careful it hurts. After all, there is a fine line between pleasure and pain.’ Grand. Angelina and Billy Bob’s marriage may not have lasted long, with the pair divorcing after three years, but it sure was intense. He said of their iconic vials of blood round their necks: ‘She thought it would be interesting and romantic if we took a little razorblade and sliced our fingers, smeared a little blood on these lockets and you wear it around your neck just like you wear your son or daughter’s baby hair in one.’ The pair were filming far away from each other and it was apparently a way to keep them connected. Thank god we now have FaceTime. We are all for girl power and Pink definitely made us proud when she proposed to her now-husband, Carey Hart. To make things a little more intense, she proposed to the racer while he was competing in Mammoth Lakes motocross race. The man still had a lap to go when she held up a sign asking: ‘Will you marry me?’ It took him a while to notice and, when he did, he veered off the track and said yes, before finishing the race under his new fiancee’s orders. The pair have been married for 16 years, so it clearly worked out well. It is a bold, bold move for a musician to even include a significant other’s name in a song – let alone name it after them, first name and surname. We have nothing but love for Pete and Ari and, while things didn’t work out between them, at least we have a few bops to remember their romance by. In what might be the sweetest and most random romantic gesture of all time, Ryan once smuggled illegal pie over the US/Canada border for his now wife Blake Lively – and got caught. ‘My wife is a foodie and she loves these apple pies that they make in Vancouver, where I grew up, so I grabbed a bunch of them and we were driving back down to the States and we were crossing the border,’ he said on the Graham Norton Show. ‘You’re not allowed to cross the border with, like, vegatables, And this guy knew something was going on.’  Kanye West reacts to Pete Davidson texts after Kim Kardashian photo   Kanye West smiles at NBA game with son Saint after Instagram suspension   Kendall Jenner sparks double take with new hair on lunch date with Khloe and Kim  Thankfully, the situation was resolved by Ryan giving the border guard a rendition of I Swear by All-4-One just like in his movie Just Friends. ‘I sang that thing in the best falsetto I had and I was on my way to the border, eating pie by the next stop.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson mysteriously drops out of Blue Origin space flight days before launch: ‘He’s no longer able’ MORE : Kanye West smiles on outing to NBA game with son Saint amid Instagram suspension and Pete Davidson feud Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!