Thomas Tuchel has criticised Chelsea’s fans for chanting the name of owner Roman Abramovich in the middle of a minute’s applause for victims of the war in Ukraine before Saturday’s 4-0 win over Burnley. Premier League clubs are making a show of solidarity with Ukraine in this weekend’s matches following Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of the country, with a moment of ‘reflection and solidarity’ taking place before kick-off. But as the home fans stood up for a minute’s applause at Turf Moor before Burnley’s clash with Chelsea, the clapping was suddenly drowned out by Chelsea fans chanting Abramovich’s name. The Russian oligarch could face sanctions due to his alleged links to the Russian state – which he denies – and he announced on Wednesday that he was actively looking to sell the west London club he has owned since 2003. Chelsea’s supporters were widely condemned over the chanting, which was clearly in poor taste, while the home fans at Burnley responded with a chorus of boss as the moment of reflection was sullied. Now Tuchel has joined the condemnation and says Chelsea’s supporters picked an inappropriate moment to show their appreciation for the departing Abramovich and hopes they will join in with any show of solidarity with Ukraine in the future. Asked about the Abramovich chants during the applause for Ukraine, Tuchel replied at his post-match press conference: ‘It’s not the moment to do this.  Turkish billionaire Muhsin Bayrak confirms Chelsea takeover bid   N’Golo Kante reveals how Chelsea squad reacted to Roman Abramovich selling club   John Terry urged to delete ‘appalling’ message to Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich  ‘Listen, if we show solidarity we show solidarity and we should do it together. ‘We take the knee together and if an important person from our club or another club unfortunately dies, we show a minute of respect. It’s not the moment to give other messages. It’s the moment to show respect. ‘We do this because this is what we are also as a club. We show respect as a club and we need our fans to commit to this minute of applause. ‘At this moment, we do it for Ukraine and there is no second opinion about the situation there. They have our thoughts and our support. ‘We should stand together as a club. It’s not the moment for other messages.’ Chelsea looked a little lethargic and passive in the first half of Saturday’s clash, but came out after the restart with fresh vigour and intent as goals from Reece James, Christian Pulisic and a Kai Havertz brace secured a 4-0 victory. Abramovich, meanwhile, is believed to have received as many as 10 viable offers for Chelsea and could bank as much as £3billion from the sale, while he has promised to donate all net proceeds to victims of the war in Ukraine. MORE : Chelsea fans chant Roman Abramovich’s name during minute’s applause for Ukraine MORE : Chelsea legend John Terry hits back after Labour MP Chris Bryant tells him to delete ‘appalling’ Roman Abramovich tweet For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!