ITV’s popular sitcom Kate and Koji is heading back to screens for a second series. After airing in 2022, the show is finally back following filming delays caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. The show follows café manager Kate as she embarks on a lively friendship with Koji, an African doctor seeking asylum in the UK – who strikes up a deal to give her patrons medical advice. Kate and Koji takes place in a fictional British seaside town, but where is the show filmed in real life? Here’s what you need to know. While the show takes place in fictional seaside town Seagate, it was actually filmed in Kent. The show’s key filming location is Herne Bay, which is just a few miles from Whitstable and Canterbury. Herne Bay’s pier and promenade feature in the show, as does Herne Bay Industrial Estate. We also see glimpses of local favourite The Divers Arms pub. Joan’s café is the main setting for the series. Shots around the outside of the café were filmed in front of a real-life venue, Herne Bay’s Traditional Pie & Mash shop. The inside scenes, however, were actually filmed in a studio in London in front of a live audience. But sadly, the real-life venue announced its permanent closure on Facebook on January 10, 2022. Vera star Brenda Blethyn takes on the titular role of Kate – swapping a northern accent for a southern one. And while Jimmy Akingbola starred as Koji in series one, he sadly won’t be back for series two. Due to pandemic-related delays in filming, Akingbola found himself caught in a schedule clash when the show was set to film series two – and ultimately had to give up the role. He went off to the US to shoot a very exciting part: as butler Geoffrey in Bel-Air, the modern-day reboot of the Fresh Prince. In series two, Koji will be played by actor Okorie Chukwu, who told This Morning that he felt a ‘real connection with Koji’ – and that co-star Brenda would frequently make him ‘corpse’ (laugh) during filming. Inbetweeners star Blake Harrison appears as Kate’s nephew Medium Dan – while Barbara Flynn plays Kate’s enemy Councillor Bone. Meera Syal, Kris Saddler, and Victor McGuire have also starred. In series one, Kate and Koji aired six episodes, each lasting 30 minutes long. It’ll be the same set-up for the second series, so you can expect six weeks of entertainment. Fans can watch on ITV at its scheduled time, but all of the first series is also available on ITV Hub. Kate and Koji series two airs from Wednesday, March 16 at 9pm on ITV. MORE : ITV announces Concert for Ukraine spectacular to raise money for humanitarian appeal Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!