Ready to smash today and make it the best it can be? We believe in you – and we reckon your horoscope can lend a helping hand. Ahead, you’ll find a forecast for all the star signs for today, March 24, 2022. Leos, you might notice an issue resurface. An honest chat will clear that out of your path. Pisces, now’s the time to make amends. Read on for your horoscope for today ahead. March 21 to April 20 The Moon in bold Sagittarius can find you looking to the future, and to opportunities that nudge you out of your comfort zone and encourage personal growth. With the Sun continuing in your sign, this is a good time to project yourself outward into the world and enjoy sharing your ideas. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Is a plan becoming more complex? Present influences in your chart suggest that the coming weeks are very much about moving beyond your limits. You don’t have to put too much pressure on yourself but pushing forward can allow you to feel exhilarated. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Despite your responsibilities this could be a sociable day. The Moon in Sagittarius suggests that along with your friends or family, you’ll be in the mood to embrace new experiences. Perhaps you’ll be up for booking a break that youcan all enjoy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Is it time that you allowed your authentic self to show up in your day-to-day interactions? If so, this may be down to a positive focus, inspiring you to be more adventurous. See the coming days and weeks as an opportunity to give life to emotions that you might have kept under wraps. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 With Mercury now in Pisces and a sensitive sector of your chart, it’s possible a key issue that remains unresolved could surface once again, so that you can discuss it further. If it does, then it may be just as well to hold an in-depth chat, as this is the time to get to the heart of the matter. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may be wondering about a lack of progress regarding domestic tasks. If so, it’s a good time to channel any extra energy into decluttering hot spots, and getting rid of old papers that could be clogging up surfaces. The upside will be more clarity and the ability to be more productive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Getting others involved in your plans will enable you to go further faster. You’ll enjoy liaising with people and the chats you hold could be some of the most exciting you have had in a while. People are willing to push the boat out and try options that might require a learning curve. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A sizzling focus on your leisure zone is the ideal opportunity to enjoy some fun. This sector is linked to recreation, romance and self-expression, making this one of the better times to be with those you love, to get to know that special person or relish doing your own thing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Moon in your sign puts the emphasis on your feelings and can assist you with making the best decisions. If you feel in a restless mood, then it’s quite understandable. The Aries Sun is urging you to step out and try new things, and the Moon will support this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 It may seem that you know what someone is thinking but could you be wrong? An aspect involving dreamy Neptune in your sector of communication suggests that you might be reading things into their tone or gesture that aren’t there. It could be just as well to ask them outright. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A long chat with a friend may spark good feelings, as you relish their company. You might also find yourself reminiscing about the past and all the good times. This is also a chance to look to the future, and to the possibility of pursuing an interest, or working on an idea together. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Quicksilver Mercury in your sign can be a call to make amends with someone you’ve had a difference with. Even if it’s only a small issue, you may feel better for reaching out and talking to them. Plus, new and creative ideas could be bubbling up from deep within, causing you some excitement. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!