A foremost logistics company in Nigeria, Red Star celebrated this year’s International Women’s Day with a week of activities that included a Health Talk, physical examination, and blood sugar tests. Other tests designed to ensure that its staff, irrespective of gender, remained in top form, included blood pressure check, hepatitis b screening, vaccinations, and a workout session among others. Speaking on the occasion, the General Manager, International Operations and Services, Inemesit James-Okoro affirmed that Red Star will continue to support the provision of equal opportunities to every individual, regardless of race, religion, tribe, and gender. She particularly extolled the quality of its female workforce, describing them as ‘a significant part of the company, occupying strategic leadership positions.’ Similarly, Frances Akpomuka, the Company Secretary/Deputy General Manager, Corporate Resources noted that the organisation’s female staff had made exemplary contributions to the company’s steady growth over the years, urging women around the world to always boldly embrace every opportunity that comes their way to aim for excellence. Red Star Express Plc is a Licensee of Federal Express (FedEx) Corporation, the world’s largest delivery solutions provider. It has over 150 offices in Nigeria; with international offices in Niger Republic, Burkina Faso, and Benin Republic. Its network spans over 1,500 communities in Nigeria and 220 countries worldwide. Its services include Express Delivery, Logistics, Freight, Outsourcing services, Supply Chain Management, E-Commerce Facilitation, Printing and Packaging, E-Archiving, as well as Agro Trade Logistics. The post Red Star Promotes Total Wellness for All, Celebrates Women appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Red Star Express Plc, one of Nigeria’s leading courier and package delivery companies, has declared a profit before tax of N221 million for the year ended March 31, 2021. According to the report of the financial year ended March 31, 2021, the company’s total assets and shareholders’ funds increased to… In "Business" World over, women continue to live in societies that deny them of attaining their full potentials due to various socio-economic and cultural reasons. In the World Bank 2022 report on Women, Business and the Law, findings show that 2.4 billion women of working age do not have equal economic opportunity.… In "Tech News" Nigerian Exchange Group of Companies joined over 100 securities exchanges around the world to celebrate the 2022 International Women’s Day (IWD) and Ring the Bell for Gender Equality in collaboration with International Finance Corporation (IFC), Sustainable Stock Exchanges (SSE) Initiative, United Nations (UN) Women, United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!