 This comes by way of The Independent’s Miguel Delaney, who provided further details on the situation at hand. As reported by Delaney, the Premier League has called for peace in Ukraine while strongly condemning the actions of the Russian military after President Vladimir Putin called for the invasion of the country. Premier League suspends with Russian company Rambler and donates £1m to victims of invasion of Ukraine pic.twitter.com/6pQt0KMuv4 — Miguel Delaney (@MiguelDelaney) March 8, 2022  In addition, the Premier League will donate £1million via the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) with the view of delivering humanitarian aid directly to those that have been affected by the ongoing war. The announcement comes in the aftermath of a continued campaign by the Premier League to show support for Ukraine after the unjust aggression displayed by Russia in their invasion of the country.  Message to Ukraine outside the stadium during the Premier League match between West Ham United and Wolverhampton Wanderers at the London Stadium, Stratford on February 2022. (Credit: Ivan Yordanov | MI News) (Photo by MI News/NurPhoto via Getty Images) Across the league, clubs and their supports alike displayed banners, scarfs, and signs with messages of love and support for the country. Players would wear t-shirts in pre-match displaying similar messages, while captains have worn armbands in the color of the countries flag. The continued message of solidarity, while it cannot bring an end to the situation in Ukraine, is a small yet touching gesture displayed by the top flight of English football to do something rather than do nothing at all. And while some may think it is token at best, sometimes even the smallest gestures can make a big difference. The Premier League has been using the message Football Stands Together to show support for Ukraine in recent matches. (Images via Reuters/Matthew Childs) Premier League clubs have agreed in principle to donate millions in humanitarian aid to beseiged Ukraine, and will cancel its deal with a Russian broadcaster for matches… In "Metro" In this file photo, Fans sit in the stands during an English Premier League football match at Old Trafford in Manchester, north west England, on December 5, 2021. Paul ELLIS / AFP   The Premier League is set to cancel its television broadcast contracts in Russia following the country’s invasion… In "Slider 2" It was a strange night for European football as Europa League ties carried on as normal despite the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops. The midweek action has been dominated by messages and gestures on the field, as Ukrainian pairing Roman Yaremchuk and Ruslan Malinovskyi used their goal celebrations for Benfica… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!