 Ukraine has repeatedly called for Western powers to implement a no-fly zone to reduce the Russian military’s ability to attack Ukrainian targets from the air. But speaking Friday following a meeting of NATO foreign ministers, Stoltenberg said the issue “was mentioned” but that “allies agree that we should not have NATO planes operating over Ukrainian airspace or NATO troops on Ukrainian territory.” The secretary-general — who also warned that fighting in the coming days in Ukraine is likely to get worse — said that a no-fly zone would trigger a broader conflict. “The only way to implement a no-fly zone is to send NATO planes — fighter planes — into Ukrainian airspace, and then impose that no-fly zone by shooting down Russian planes,” Stoltenberg said. “If we did that, we’ll end up with something that could end in a full-fledged war in Europe involving many more countries and causing much more human suffering.” “So that’s the reason why we made this painful decision to impose heavy sanctions, provide significant support — stepping up support — but at the same time not involving NATO forces directly in the conflict in Ukraine,” Stoltenberg added. CHIȘINĂU, Moldova — So far, it is still Russia’s war against Ukraine. But World War III has never been closer. As Russian forces pummel Kyiv and other cities, Western powers have maneuvered extremely carefully to avoid direct conflict with President Vladimir Putin, the man who controls the world’s largest nuclear… In "Politics" With cities across Ukraine under assault by Russian troops, several NATO countries have started shipping military and humanitarian supplies into Ukraine over land routes as Russian anti-aircraft systems and jets make any air mission too risky. Over the past two days of fighting, Poland has already started delivering ammunition to… In "Politics" Russian forces stepped up shelling against portions of Ukraine, but stopped short of an invasion that many experts predicted might come on Sunday. Experts had widely viewed Feb. 20 as a potential day for an invasion of Ukraine, the date official exercises in Belarus between Belarusian and Russian military personnel… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!