Beauty influencer AJ Crimson has died at the age of 27. His cause of death has not yet been confirmed. The star, who had a following of more than 110,000 on Instagram and his own brand of makeup, had last posted on social media six days ago. Crimson’s family confirmed his death in a statement obtained by People, stating: ‘AJ Crimson was a makeup industry leader that set a standard of beauty that was elevated, beautiful, and accessible to people of all colour. We as a family are heartbroken and devastated by his passing, but thankful for the lessons that he laid on each of us with his truth, directness, and leadership. ‘We thank you all for your kind words, tweets, and posts, as AJ was an inspiration to us as much as he was a bright light to the rest of the world. There are no words that can sum up his whole. Until we meet again.’ A spokesperson for the CEO of AJ Crimson Beauty also said: ‘Our entire team mourns this tragic loss, and our thoughts and prayers are with AJ’s family. Our deepest sympathies go out to them. We absolutely loved AJ, truly one of the sweetest, most humble people we have ever had the pleasure of working with. We are all devastated.’ https://www.instagram.com/p/Cbfg6sOlkWG/ Tributes from friends and fans have filled the comments, with Black Panther star Letitia Wright sharing three broken-heart emojis. X Factor star Alexandra Burke added: ‘Heartbroken 💔,’ while US convention The Makeup Show posted: ‘A bright light has gone out. We just spoke today about his keynote for @themakeupshow NYC. AJ Crimson you made this makeup family, industry and world a better place with your talent and authenticity. It will never be the same.’ Crimson’s website describes him as a ‘beauty industry rock star, entrepreneur, a self-taught celebrity makeup artist, and beauty & lifestyle expert.’ https://www.instagram.com/p/CY9JXNWr-cv/ During his career, the star, who hails from Detroit, Michigan, has worked with the likes of Fergie, Hilary Duff, Missy Elliott, and Angela Bassett. He added on the site: ‘I’ve also had the honor of developing unmatched beauty techniques under the tutelage of makeup magnates Joanne Gair and Mathu Andersen and working side-by-side with top names in the beauty industry, including Pat McGrath for Paris Fashion Week.’ Crimson went on to say: ‘I’ve devoted my life to providing women with the tools and products they need to reclaim their confidence and fall in love with themselves again – all by rediscovering their true beauty.’  Jada Pinkett-Smith appears to laugh after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock in new Oscars clip   Tom Parker from The Wanted dies aged 33 two years after brain tumour diagnosis   Famous cat leaves Ukraine and raises £7,000 for animals affected by war  The influencer most often used his Instagram to promote his makeup and share tips, but a few weeks ago he shared a selfie, simply writing in the caption: ‘Feeling Excellent! Hope you are too!’ He went on to quote Oprah Winfrey, adding: ‘Be Excellent, people notice. Let Excellence be your brand.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly Mae Hague reveals she was paid £25 a post at start of influencer career before becoming multi-millionaire MORE : Influencer Nikki Lilly reveals double intensive care dash during health struggle Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!