Pamela Anderson was seen on the promotional trail for her upcoming appearance in her first Broadway show around the same time that Julian Assange tied the knot while in prison. Assange, 50, is currently in Belmarsh, having been at the high security prison for almost three years following his arrest at the Ecuadorian embassy in 2019. On Wednesday, the WikiLeaks founder married his partner Stella Moris, who told onlookers that the love they have for each other ‘will get us through this situation and any other situation that will come’. Meanwhile, on the other side of the Atlantic, Anderson – who was one of Assange’s most outspoken supporters for years – wore what could be described as a bridal dress to promote her role as Roxie Hart in Chicago in her Broadway debut. Anderson donned an elegant white outfit as she appeared on Good Morning America, as she prepares to take to the stage for the very first time. The 54-year-old recently said that it was a ‘dream fulfilled’ to be cast in the play, describing the role as a ‘sweet escape’. ‘There is a freedom, a unique joy in knowing it’s all about the work,’ she added. It was recently announced following the launch of drama Pam & Tommy, starring Lily James and Sebastian Stan, that Anderson is going to tell her story in her own words in a Netflix documentary to ‘set the record straight’. There has been speculation for years concerning the nature of Anderson and Assange’s relationship, with the Baywatch star previously saying that their connection did not turn romantic. When questioned about their relationship by Piers Morgan on Good Morning Britain in 2017, Anderson said: ‘I wouldn’t call it a romance. I have romance in my life. Can one man do it all? That’s what I want to know. One for conversation, one to be a lover.’ Assange is currently being held in prison under charges concerning the alleged leaking of national security information relating to the Afghanistan and Iraq wars. He has always denied wrongdoing.  Amanda Bynes officially freed from conservatorship after 9 years   Lawrence Dane, Bride of Chucky actor, dies aged 84   Police believe Bob Saget died after ‘hitting head on hotel headboard’  At their wedding held on Wednesday, his partner Moris – with whom he shares two children – said: ‘I am very happy but I wish Julian was here with me. What we are going through is cruel and inhuman.’ The bride wore a dress designed by Vivienne Westwood, who is a big supporter of Assange and described him as a ‘pure soul’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pamela Anderson lands Broadway debut as Roxie Hart in Chicago: ‘A dream fulfilled’ MORE : ‘Not a victim but a survivor’: Pamela Anderson ‘setting the record straight’ surrounding her personal and professional life in Netflix documentary Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!