Real Madrid have made Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel their number one target to replace Carlo Ancelotti in the event the Italian is fired, according to reports in Spain. The 13-time European Cup winners are enjoying a strong season, sitting top of the Liga table with a nine-point cushion and progressing to the quarter-finals of the Champions League – where they will take on Chelsea. But doubts have been brewing about Ancelotti, with president Florentino Perez reportedly unhappy with the team’s display away to PSG in the last 16 despite knocking the French giants out. Ancelotti also oversaw a 4-0 home defeat against Barcelona last time out, while they exited the Copa del Rey at the hands of Athletic Bilbao earlier in the year. Were Real to somehow contrive to lose the title race, Perez would undoubtedly sack Ancelotti – though even winning La Liga may not be enough to keep the veteran coach in a job. According to Spanish newspaper Sport, Real’s hierarchy have already drawn up a shortlist of potential replacements and next month’s quarter-final against Chelsea could prove decisive. The west London club knocked Real out of the competition at the semi-final stage last season, going on to lift the famous trophy after beating Manchester City in the final, and Tuchel – who also made the final the previous year when in charge of PSG – has impressed Perez.  Chelsea supporters group slam ‘universally disdained’ bid from prospective new owners   Jose Mourinho wants to bring Chelsea outcast to Roma on free transfer   Football Association plan to sell tickets to Chelsea fans for FA Cup semi-final  With the uncertainty surrounding Chelsea’s ownership, several European giants are aware that they might have an opportunity to prise the German coach away from Stamford Bridge and Real are among the clubs monitoring the situation. Tuchel is the first name on a five-man shortlist of potential options should Ancelotti fail to live up to expectations in both Europe and domestically. Perez has already received ‘very positive’ reports about Tuchel, while his style of football and the prospect that he might be somewhat easier to extract from his contract with Chelsea make him an especially appealing option. Real are not the only team who have shown interest in Tuchel, with Manchester United also rumoured to have considered a move for the ex-Dortmund boss – though they are expected to pick between either Erik ten Hag or Mauricio Pochettino. The latter is another name on Real’s shortlist, with the Spanish giants having been heavily linked with a move for the Argentine when he was at Spurs, and they have not been put off by PSG’s recent downturn in form. Jurgen Klopp has long been on Real’s wish list, though they know there is virtually no chance of prising him away from Liverpool, while Castilla coach and legendary former player Raul as well as Real Sociedad B coach Xabi Alonso are also being considered. MORE : Chelsea supporters group slam ‘universally disdained’ bid from the Ricketts family MORE : Arsenal’s Gabriel Martinelli reveals Chelsea star approached him about switching international allegiances For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!