A Bill seeking an amendment to the University Teaching Hospitals Boards reconstitution sponsored by Representative Bamidele Salam Wednesday passed Second Reading. Titled a ‘Bill for an Act to amend the University Teaching Hospitals (Reconstitution of Boards etc.) Act Cap U15 LFN 2004’, the proposed legislation seeks to restructure the composition of the governing Boards of tertiary health institutions with a view to making them more vibrant and efficient. The Bill further aims to: “review the terminology of the heads of the hospitals, redefine the qualification of the Head of hospitals, provide a definite tenure of office of the heads of the hospitals, including students of Health Sciences in the training programmes of the hospitals and include hospitals established post-enactment of the extant legal framework in the schedule and for other related matters.” Presently, the terminology used in referring to the head of tertiary health institutions in Nigeria is called “Chief Medical Director” who is accountable to the Board of the institution. The current legal regime excludes other health professionals – Pharmacists, Nurses, Social workers, Occupational therapists and physiotherapists, Psychologists, Bereavement Counselors, Paramedics, Dieticians, Lab Scientists’ and Speech Pathologists, amongst others – from becoming a Chief Medical Director. Read also: South Shore Hospital commits to quality health care The Bill is seeking to address all these challenges and include all other health professionals in the capacity building and administration of the Federal Hospitals in Nigeria and related issues. Leading debate on the Bill, Salam said the objectives of the Bill include to: “amend the University Teaching Hospitals (Reconstitution of Boards etc.) Act Cap U15 LFN 2004 to restructure the composition of the governing Board. “Review the terminology of the heads of the hospitals; redefine the qualification of the Head of hospitals; “provide a definite tenure of office of the heads of the hospitals; “include students of Health Sciences in the training programmes of the hospitals; and have hospitals established post-enactment of the extant legal framework in the schedule. “The purpose of the bill therefore is to strengthen the administration mechanism of University Teaching Hospitals through the broadening of its administrative heads and entrench greater professionalism in the management of our medical tertiary institutions. “The Bill will also considerably reduce inter-disciplinary rivalry within the teaching hospitals by ensuring that all critical stakeholders are involved in the composition of the Boards of the teaching hospitals. “This Bill is in tandem with global best practices with special references to the United Kingdom, United States of America and other countries where medical training has been successfully implemented through collaborative efforts of all practitioners.” The House of Representatives has passed for second reading a bill seeking to include pharmacists, nurses and other medical professionals in the board of the teaching hospitals. The legislation is titled, ‘A Bill for an Act to Amend the University Teaching Hospitals (Reconstitution of Boards Etc.) Act, Cap. U15, Laws… In "Breaking News" The Senate, on Wednesday, passed a bill to amend the Orthopaedic Hospitals Management Board Act to provide for the establishment of two new Federal Orthopaedic hospitals in Kwara and Osun States. The red chamber also amended the University Teaching Hospitals Act LFN 2004 to provide for the establishment of two… In "Breaking News" The Senate, on Wednesday, passed a bill to amend the Orthopaedic Hospitals Management Board Act to provide for the establishment of two new Federal Orthopaedic hospitals in Kwara and Osun States. The red chamber also amended the University Teaching Hospitals Act LFN 2004 to provide for the establishment of two… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!