 “The European Union (EU) sanctions will likely legally require us to withhold certain content in EU member states,” a spokesperson told POLITICO. “We intend to comply with the order when it goes into effect.” RT, formerly known as Russia Today, and Sputnik are today set to be taken off the air and offline in the EU, amid an escalating information war, as Moscow intensifies its crackdown on foreign platforms and local media. The sanction will be published in the Official Journal this morning, effectively giving legal grounds for European national media regulators to crack down on the Russian state outlets. Pressures from European politicians on the social media companies have been growing in the last few days. On Tuesday, French Digital Secretary of State Cédric O slammed the social media platform for not taking stronger action against the Russian outlets: “Twitter is always, always the last one to react, and always the one not to do enough on [content] moderation,” he told French radio. “We continue to advocate for a free and open internet, particularly in times of crisis,” said a Twitter spokesperson. Google’s YouTube and Google News search, Meta (Facebook) and TikTok have cut access to RT and Sputnik. RT France’s Telegram channel was deactivated Tuesday in France. Laura Kayali contributed reporting Want more analysis from POLITICO? POLITICO Pro is our premium intelligence service for professionals. From financial services to trade, technology, cybersecurity and more, Pro delivers real time intelligence, deep insight and breaking scoops you need to keep one step ahead. Email pro@politico.eu to request a complimentary trial. The EU’s ban on Kremlin-backed media outlets, Russia Today (RT) and Sputnik (plus any subsidiaries), is expected to cover online platforms and apps as well as traditional broadcast channels, TechCrunch has confirmed. The “unprecedented” sanction was announced yesterday as the bloc dialled up its response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.… In "Business" Facebook’s parent company Meta announced today it would restrict access to Kremlin-backed news outlets RT and Sputnik in the EU. “We have received requests from a number of governments and the EU to take further steps in relation to Russian state controlled media. Given the exceptional nature of the current… In "Politics" European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen announced Sunday that Kremlin-backed RT, formerly known as Russia Today, and Sputnik, would be banned in the EU. “We will ban the Kremlin’s media machine in the EU. The state-owned Russia Today and Sputnik, and their subsidiaries, will no longer be able to… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!