 Asked during a press conference at NATO headquarters in Brussels on Thursday if Russia’s invasion of Ukraine should prompt the G-20 to kick Moscow out, Biden said “my answer is yes.” “That depends on the G-20,” Biden continued. “That was raised today.”Biden said he told NATO leaders that if Russia could not be removed from the G-20, Ukraine should be invited to attend the group’s meetings as an observer. Russian President Vladimir Putin plans to attend the G-20 summit this October, Russia’s ambassador to Indonesia told Reuters Wednesday. Biden also declined to share any U.S. intelligence on the possibility that Putin might deploy chemical weapons in his nation’s war on Ukraine but said “we would respond if he uses it” and “The nature of the response would depend upon the nature of the use.” Later, when asked whether Russian chemical weapons use would result in a military response from NATO countries, Biden said, “It would trigger a response in kind.” Two weeks ago, Biden pledged Russia would pay a “severe price” for using chemical weapons in Ukraine. While Russia’s reinvasion of Ukraine this week stress-tests the Biden administration, it’s also forcing Republicans to confront their own divisions. The GOP is all over the map politically, as Russian President Vladimir Putin tries to redraw his own boundaries. Former President Donald Trump privately has signaled a split with more isolationist… In "Politics" President Joe Biden delivered remarks on Russia’s attack on Ukraine on Thursday afternoon (Pictures: White House) President Joe Biden addressed the nation and world on Russia’s war on Ukraine, calling Russian President Vladimir Putin ‘the aggressor’ and announced sanctions on four more Russian banks. ‘Putin is the aggressor,’ Biden said.… In "Metro" For more than two decades, Joe Biden has disliked and distrusted Vladimir Putin, even claiming the Russian didn’t have a soul. And yet, for the past year, Biden tried repeatedly to reason with the steely-eyed strongman. When the two met last June in Geneva, Biden urged Putin to end his yearslong aggression… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!