 “The defense of our capital is now our most important priority,” Zelenskyy said in a video address posted on his Telegram channel. The defense of Kyiv will be led by General Mykola Zhernov, said Zelenskyy, in collaboration with the city’s elected mayor, former heavyweight boxing champion Vitaly Klitschko. “I decided to appoint a professional military man as the head of the Kyiv city military administration for the duration of the war,” Zelenskyy said. “To guarantee the defense of the city, to block the enemy’s intrigues in our capital, so that the people of Kyiv have all that they need.” Zelenskyy denounced what he said was a cruise missile strike on the regional administrative headquarters in the northeastern city of Kharkiv as “an outright, undisguised act of terror.” “Russia is a terrorist state. No one will forgive. No one will forget,” said the president, who was unshaven and wore a khaki T-shirt, which has become a hallmark of his wartime leadership. The Russian strikes on military and civilian command centers, coupled with the bombardment of residential areas in northeastern cities like Kharkiv and Okhtyrka, bode ill for the Ukrainian political leadership as it readies for a last-ditch defense of the capital. Satellite imagery showed miles-long Russian armored columns stretching along highways to the northwest of Kyiv. These forces were joined in battle on Tuesday by Belarusian troops who crossed the border at Chernihiv to the northeast. This means that forces loyal to Russian President Vladimir Putin are now advancing towards the capital on both sides of the Dnipro River. Ukraine’s president issued a somber warning to leaders of the European Union as Russian forces continue to violently invade the country. “This might be the last time you see me alive,” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy reportedly told European Union leaders on a conference call Thursday night. Zelenskyy is currently hiding in Ukraine’s capital city… In "Slider 2" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has had an unorthodox path to politics (Picture: Stefanie Loos-Pool/Getty Images) The Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has remained in Kyiv as Russian forces continue to move closer to the capital. He has regularly provided updates to the people of his country praising them for their heroism… In "Metro" Negotiators from Kyiv and Moscow began peace talks at the Belarus border on Monday at noon local time, while fierce fighting continued as Russia maintained its assault on Ukraine. Kyiv’s delegation, led by Ukraine’s Defense Minister Oleksiy Reznikov, is seeking “an immediate ceasefire and the withdrawal of troops from Ukraine,” according… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!