Heroic Volodymyr Zelensky deserves a knighthood for his courage in the face of the Russian invasion, British MPs have declared. Backbenchers have called on Prime Minister Boris Johnson to put the ‘inspirational’ Ukrainian premier forward for the honour to recognise his bravery and leadership in the war against Vladimir Putin. The comedian-turned-politician has won international respect and admiration for his defiance against Kremlin aggression – amid fears the Russian President is ‘crazy enough’ to use nuclear weapons and ‘could destroy the world’. President Zelensky summoned the spirit of Winston Churchill during a landmark speech to the House of Commons, earning him a standing ovation. Now politicians from all parties are getting behind a campaign to give him the title Sir Volodymyr. And in a gesture of solidarity, Windsor Street in Edinburgh – where the Ukraine Consulate is based – has unofficially been renamed Volodymyr Zelensky Street. Only British and Commonwealth citizens can call themselves ‘Sir’. However, foreign nationals can be awarded an honorary knighthood. Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey told the Commons that President Zelensky ‘exemplified the bravery’ shown by so many Ukrainians. ‘I’m sure the whole house would agree President Zelensky should be granted one of our nation’s highest honours, an honorary knighthood and I look forward to the day when we welcome back to this house President Zelensky in person.’ Meanwhile Tory MP Bob Seeley described the Ukrainian leader as a ‘true leader’, telling The Sun: ‘He has given a voice and set an example to his people in their hour of courage.’ {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T9M41S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/08/17/55104891-0-image-a-63_1646759888120.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-08T17:17:17+0000","description":"Ukraine's president said 50 children have been killed over two weeks of brutal fighting during a historic address to parliament. Volodymyr Zelensky vowed to fight on and repeated his calls for the UK to back a no-fly zone. He spoke to the House of Commons over video-link from the base in Kyiv he is using to coordinate his country's resistance to Vladimir Putin's illegal invasion.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/08/7374421914783104235/480x270_MP4_7374421914783104235.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Independent MP Neil Coyle added: ‘He fully deserves the highest honour we can award to a non-UK citizen.’ Conservative Andrew Bridgen reiterated the praise: ‘Volodymyr Zelensky is such an inspirational leader that Putin has put a price on his head. ‘Let’s give him a knighthood instead.’ Zelensky, who has survived more than 12 assassination attempts, declined an offer from the US to be evacuated from capital Kyiv – telling officials: ‘I need ammunition, not a ride.’ Since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine began on February 24, the country has suffered widespread damages and loss of life amid a major bombing campaign. Millions of Ukrainian refugees have fled, as cities face shortages of food, water, heat, and medicine – with the British public set to be asked to open their homes to Ukrainian refugees. Countries have retaliated by imposing sanctions on Russia and oligarchs such as Roman Abramovich, while large companies like Disney, Starbucks, McDonald’s, and Coca-Cola have suspended business in the country. However, despite these economic blows, Russian President Vladimir Putin hasn’t shown any signs of calling off the attack anytime soon, with a convoy moving closer to the capital Kyiv. However the idea to give him a knighthood has received some criticism online – as Twitter users questioned MPs priorities and pointed out the title will not help Ukraine win the battle against Russia. One person said: ‘I fully support the sentiment of how great a leader Zelensky is but our MPs are stuck in the dark ages if that’s what they’re focused on at this precise moment.’ Another said: ‘A knighthood? What good is that? He needs cash and weapons and his citizens need refuge.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!