Boxing legends Wladimir and Vitali Klitschko have been added to a list of high-profile Ukrainians included on Vladimir Putin’s ‘kill list’. Following the Russian president’s decision to launch an invasion last week, according to The Times, highly-trained mercenaries, including the private militia the Wagner Group, have been sent to Kyiv in order to take out Putin’s main targets. The brothers, both former world heavyweight boxing champions, have officially joined the Ukrainian military to fight against the Russians and saw no option but to take up arms and help the resistance. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘It’s already a bloody war. I don’t have another choice, I have to do that. I’ll be fighting,’ the 50-year-old Vitali, who has been mayor of Kyiv since 2014, told ITV’s Good Morning Britain last week. Wladimir, the younger of the two, added via a post on Linkedin: ‘Putin makes it clear that he wants to destroy the Ukrainian state and the sovereignty of its people. ‘Words are followed by missiles and tanks. Destruction and death come upon us. That’s it, blood will mix with tears… We will defend ourselves with all our might and fight for freedom and democracy.’ Current heavyweight world champion Oleksandr Usyk has also joined Ukraine’s territorial defence forces to defend his country against the Russian invasion. Reigning IBF, WBO and WBA champion Usyk left London last week to return to his homeland, pleading with Russian president Vladimir Putin to put a halt to the war in a passionate message shared on social media. The 35-year-old has now taken up arms with TSN reporting the champion has joined the Kyiv Territorial Defense. Andriy Nebytov, head of the national police in Kyiv, shared an image of Usyk dressed in military attire and carrying an assault rifle alongside the message: ‘United for one purpose – to protect our homeland. To victory!’  Volodymyr Zelensky applies for Ukraine to become member of European Union   Russia banned by FIFA and UEFA from football including World Cup   BBC News reporter Clive Myrie’s Ukraine base shaken by nearby missile  The Sun, meanwhile, reports that the militia group tasked with taking out the Klitschkos, will act when and if Putin’s negotiations with Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelenskyy, also a primary target, fail. Analysing the effectiveness of the notorious  Wagner Group, Sir Richard Barrons, former commander of Joint Forces Command, told The Times: ‘They are very effective because they are hard to pin down. ‘They can appear from the shadows, do very violent things and then disappear again, without it being obvious who was responsible. They are not directly linked to the Russian government and therefore they are plausibly deniable.’  {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T4M36S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/03/01/12/54800353-0-image-m-23_1646136659326.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-03-01T12:07:54+0000","description":"The Ukrainian President was urging the EU to do more after 16 children were killed in an attack by Russia yesterday.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/03/01/2491305820974629655/480x270_MP4_2491305820974629655.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video MORE : Ukraine international Yaroslav Rakitsky may have played his last Zenit St Petersburg game, says boss MORE : Lokomotiv Moscow coach Markus Gisdol resigns in protest against Vladimir Putin For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Jeremy Clarkson remembered the Ukraine road trip special (Picture: @JeremyClarkson / Instagram) Jeremy Clarkson has shared a stark look back at Top Gear’s special in Ukraine, with the presenter saying that the country is ‘even sadder now’ amid the Russian invasion. The Grand Tour presenter shared a photo of himself… In "Metro" Ukrainian officials reported rocket strikes in Kyiv in the early hours of Friday as Russian forces close in on the capital city. “Horrific Russian rocket strikes on Kyiv,” tweeted Ukraine’s Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba, drawing comparisons with World War II. “Last time our capital experienced anything like this was in… In "Politics" The heavyweight boxing icons are ready to defend their country against Russia (Pictures: Getty) Former heavyweight boxing champion Vitali Klitschko says he will take up arms alongside his brother, Wladimir, to fight against Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, while current champ Oleksandr Usyk has returned to the country and called on… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!