Cadana helps businesses delight their employees by providing modern payroll platforms that allow employees access to their earned salary on-demand, anytime, anywhere. Following this partnership, Flutterwave processes payments for employers and employees on Cadana. Unexpected bills can leave employees in Africa in distress, distracting them from their day-to-day activities. The alternatives would be short term loans which could go up to 300% in interest rates with unsuitable loan-repayment systems. Over 400 million workers in Africa will benefit from a platform that offers them real-time access to their earned wages, following employer approvals. Companies that use Cadana are able to allow employees access earned wages digitally on-demand, instead of having to wait at the end of the month. Cadana helps People Managers in Africa digitize Payroll, statutory compliance, onboarding, offboarding, reports, time-tracking etc. From logging to payday, Cadana’s time tracking solution automatically syncs with payroll to make disbursement easier, making life easier for people management and small businesses.  Cadana in Nigeria “The banking, startups, telecoms, education, governmental and non-governmental institutions etc and indeed all businesses in Nigeria have a large employee-base that we can serve with our modern salary-on-demand payroll management platform,” Albert Owusu-Asare, CEO and Co-Founder of Cadana said. “Our work in Ghana helped us take feedback from businesses and employees and improve our solution. People Managers and business owners wanted a solution that could make their employees more comfortable, reduce money troubles month-on-month and empower them to do more with their wages. We currently partner with businesses like Float, Tendo, KEK Group; one of the largest insurance brokers in Ghana etc. We’re happy that we can easily launch into any other African country with Flutterwave’s help.” Ameer Shujjah, Co-Founder and CTO, Cadana said, “Integrating with Flutterwave was easy and offers us more flexibility than imagined. We’re excited to be in Nigeria with their help and as we continue our growth and expansion journey, we hope to continue counting on their help to empower African workers. Cadana is an ecosystem of solutions built to improve productivity for workers in Africa. We handle the employees’ money issues, allowing them more time and ability to focus on doing more with their time and growing businesses in Africa. We have plans to build helpful personal money management solutions on top of our people management platform to make it easier for workers in Africa to create more wealth directly from their wages.” Olugbenga ‘GB’ Agboola, CEO and Founder of Flutterwave said, “We’re excited to enable startups like Cadana to expand swiftly and quickly across Africa. Cadana’s work providing real-time salary access to employees across Africa is commendable and we’re glad that they’re fulfilling their mission on Flutterwave. Our work with startups forms a major part of our vision to grow businesses. We’re proud to support their growth and expansion into Nigeria. We’re excited to see their progress as they support employees in Nigeria.” The post Through Strategic Partnership with Flutterwave, Cadana Expands to Nigeria appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Earnipay, a fintech that provides flexible and on-demand salary access to income-earners, has raised $4 million in seed financing led by early-stage venture capital firm Canaan. Participating investors include XYZ Ventures, Village Global, Musha Ventures, Voltron Capital, Ventures Platform and Paystack CEO Shola Akinlade. Earnipay, which has been in beta… In "Tech News" Earnipay, a financial technology solution that provides flexible and on-demand salary access to income-earners, has closed a Seed round of $4 million led by Canaan and with participation from XYZ Ventures, Village Global, Musha Ventures, Ventures Platform, Voltron Capital and Paystack CEO Shola Akinlade. With the funding raised, Earnipay will… In "Slider 1" Earnipay, a financial technology solution startup, has received a Seed round of $4 million to provide flexible and on-demand salary access to income-earners The funding round was led by Canaan and also saw participation from XYZ Ventures, Village Global, Musha Ventures, Ventures platform, Voltron Capital and Paystack. The platform which… In "Tech News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!