 The German discussed a number of topics in his presser, including Chelsea drawing Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter-finals: “It’s a tough one. A challenge cannot be much higher than playing in the Bernabeu with spectators. There is also big excitement around this fixture.” Tuchel on drawing Real Madrid: “It’s a tough one. A challenge cannot be much higher than playing in the Bernabeu with spectators. There is also big excitement around this fixture.” #RMCF #CFC #UCLDraw — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) March 18, 2022 The German also confirmed Reece James, Andreas Christensen and Callum Hudson-Odoi are uncertain for the Boro game: Tuchel describes Reece James, Callum Hudson-Odoi and Andreas Christensen as uncertain for Middlesbrough. #CFC #FACup — Nizaar Kinsella (@NizaarKinsella) March 18, 2022  Elsewhere in his presser, Tuchel was asked about links to the Manchester United job, but the former Borussia Dortmund manager seemed quick to dismiss them: “Do you feel me less committed or involved with this club,” Tuchel asked. “Absolutely not. I love to work for Chelsea and this club has everything it needs to make me happy.”  Chelsea, despite not having many fans at the Riverside on Saturday, are still clear favourites for the game. However, Boro will no doubt be hoping to continue their streak of knocking top-six sides out of the competition this year. The Teessiders would take Manchester United to penalties in the 4th round before picking up an 11-10 win in the shootout. Middlesbrough then beat Tottenham 1-0 after 120 minutes in the 5th round. Chelsea, meanwhile, have had a very easy ride in the competition so far, seeing off Luton, Plymouth and Chesterfield to make it into the last eight. Chelsea set to lose 4 defenders this summerDespite their success over the past 12 months, Chelsea could be set for a major rebuild this summer as they are set to lose four defenders this summer on free transfers as things stand. Cesar Azpilicueta, Thiago Silva, Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen… In "Sports" An explanation for the respective absences of Chelsea pair Cesar Azpilicueta and Callum Hudson-Odoi for the club’s meeting with Crystal Palace has been provided on Saturday afternoon. The Blues are of course currently locked in action at Selhurst Park, in their return to Premier League action on the back… In "Sports" While off the pitch issues continue to circle around Chelsea Football Club, there is good news on it as Thomas Tuchel has issued an injury update ahead of their trip to France for the second leg of the Champions Leg last 16. Speaking to the media ahead of the trip… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!