This funding will enable d.light expand its solar and Pay-Go consumer finance business across Africa. Commenting on the investment, Ned Tozun, d.light co-founder and CEO said, “We are excited to have OP Finnfund Global Impact Fund I as a d.light shareholder. The fund’s alignment with our mission and commitment to job creation and development, makes them an ideal partner for d.light as we begin our next phase of growth. We have great confidence that we will continue to accelerate and deepen this impact, as we expand our geographic footprint and product portfolio to delight our customers. The future is truly bright for d.light and the off-grid solar industry as a whole.” Jussi Tourunen, Finnfund’s associate director, head of energy and infrastructure portfolio noted that OP Finnfund Global Impact Fund I targets substantial positive impacts on, for instance, climate change, food security, gender equality, and the availability of financing. Speaking further, Tourunen said the way developing countries meet their rapidly growing energy demand will be crucial for global efforts to curb climate change and the company is happy to support d.light’s expansion with this investment. Since its founding in 2006, d.light has provided solar energy to more than 125 million people in 70 countries. The company’s extensive product line ranges from extremely affordable portable solar lanterns to solar home systems that can power multiple lights, mobile phones, and small appliances, including a flat-screen television. d.light’s solar solutions have won multiple international awards for innovation and design and are sold through over 30,000 outlets around the world — the largest existing distribution network for these types of products. With a strong emphasis on product quality and customer service since its earliest days, d.light has built up a loyal customer base in emerging markets. d.light continues to profitably sell hundreds of thousands of units per month while maintaining excellent quality at scale. The company is led by a strong team of deeply experienced, internationally recognised leaders and highly committed, talented local staff. Mr Tozun and Mr Goldman established an ambitious goal for d.light at its founding; to impact 100 million people by 2020 which was achieved. d.light is now on another ambitious journey to impact 1 billion lives by 2030. The post d.light Receives $7 Million in Equity Financing from OP Finnfund Global Impact Fund I appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. M-KOPA, the fintech platform that provides connected financing and digital financial services to underbanked consumers across four markets in Africa, has announced its $75 million Growth Equity round, to expand into more countries. The round which was led by Generation Investment Management and Broadscale Group, with participation from new investors… In "Slider 1" Most companies today recognize the importance of global warming. As such, they are redefining their goals in an effort to address the climate change issue. Envisioning Partners, a Seoul-based venture capital firm, has secured its latest impact fund, the oversubscribed $64 million (76.8 billion KRW) Envisioning Climate Solutions (ECS) Fund,… In "Business" A 2019 World Bank report says 85% of Africans live on less than $5.50 per day. A large percentage of these adults are unbanked and underbanked; thus, they don’t have access to credit and can’t afford important purchases outright. M-KOPA’s financing platform has proved helpful to this set of users… In "Tech News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!