Kalvin Phillips and Liam Cooper are fit and available to play for Leeds United against Wolves on Friday, as manager Jesse Marsch confirms they are back from their lengthy injury absences. Neither Phillips nor Cooper has played since December, both limping out of the 2-2 draw with Brentford at Elland Road over three months ago. Much has changed at the club since then, with Marsch replacing Marcelo Bielsa as manager and battling against a return to the Championship, but the American is delighted to have the two men at his disposal for the first time. Marsch gave a detailed injury update at a press conference on Thursday, also confirming the situations with Junior Firpo, Tyler Roberts, Joe Gelhardt,  Lewis Bate, Leo Fuhr Hjelde and Jamie Shackleton. ‘Junior has an MCL, they think it’s not so bad, it’s a little bit lighter Grade 2, so from the date of injury maybe three-to-five weeks,’ said Marsch. ‘Tyler had a successful surgery we already talked about. Liam and Kalvin are fully in training and are eligible for this weekend. So we’ll make a decision today exactly what we do with that and what the plan will be. ‘Joffy [Joe Gelhardt] has a little bit of a back issue. That’s why he didn’t play the 23s game. And we think that he’ll be ready for the match, but we’re not totally certain. ‘Lewis Bate and Jamie Shackleton both picked up injuries in that match so they might not be available and Leo [Hjelde] is actually doing quite well, and we’re hopeful that next week or at the end of next week, he might be in training. So that’ll be important for us to have another option in the back.’ On the significance of having Phillips and Cooper back – two players who were crucial in Leeds’ success last season – Marsch added: ‘I spoke with both of them and I said listen obviously it’s a big boost for those two personally but I think the the presence that they have in our team, that it’s a big, positive momentum swing for us as a group. ‘They’re both quality players. They’re both great personalities and and I think that it’ll make us stronger and stronger. So like I said, we’ll see exactly what the plan was and how many minutes they can play or what it will be. But just having them back in training is big.’ Wolves go to Leeds at 8pm on Friday with Marsch’s side four points and two places above the relegation zone. MORE : ‘I’m sick of it!’ Jurgen Klopp defends Liverpool star after Arsenal victory MORE : Gary Neville makes ‘big statement’ on Liverpool after Arsenal win For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Leeds’ survival hopes have been handed a huge boost by the news that Kalvin Phillips and Liam Cooper have returned to full training. The influential duo have been out with hamstring injuries since Leeds drew 2-2 with Brentford in December, a game which also saw Patrick Bamford ruled out for… In "Sports" Leeds manager Jesse Marsch says Kalvin Phillips and Liam Cooper are both in contention to return to action on Friday night at Wolves. The pair have been absent since both sustaining hamstring injuries against Brentford on December 5. During their time on the sidelines, Leeds have failed to pull clear… In "Slider 1" New Leeds manager Jesse Marsch revealed why Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick is one of his two major influences, and confirmed a triple injury boost. The American has been drafted in to replace Marcelo Bielsa with avoiding relegation his immediate priority. The Whites currently sit two points above the drop… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!