Jurgen Klopp admits his Liverpool side have very tough assignments ahead of them in a gruelling run of fixtures, but knows their opponents will be dreading facing them as well. The Reds booked their place in the FA Cup semi-finals on Sunday night with a 1-0 win at Nottingham Forest and kept alive their hopes of the quadruple. With the League Cup already in the bag, they have Benfica coming up in the Champions League quarter-finals, while they must overcome Manchester City in both the Premier League and the FA Cup semi-finals. Klopp and Pep Guardiola’s sides will meet twice in six days next month, playing on 10 April at the Etihad in the Premier League before going to Wembley on 16 April for the FA Cup clash. The German is not pretending like he would like to play City every week, but is sure that Guardiola and his side feel the same about Liverpool. ‘City don’t like it too much, we don’t like that too much,’ said Klopp. ‘But the closer it gets to the end, the more likely that you will face City. If you don’t face them earlier, you will face them in any kind of semi-final or final. ‘That’s normal. The same with Chelsea, pretty much. You don’t want to play against them every week because they are really strong as well. ‘I don’t think it is a pure joy to play us and that’s what we should not forget.’ ‘Now we know, the further you go in every cup competition, the more likely it is that you will face City at one point, and they will face us at one point. I don’t think we are the dream draw for anybody, but it will be a tough one and we have to make sure it will be tough for City as well. ‘There are a lot of games to play before then — Benfica, City, Benfica (again), City (again), Manchester United and Everton.’  FA Cup semi-final draw: Man City play Liverpool; Chelsea vs Palace   Gareth Southgate drops Marcus Rashford from England squad and calls up four Arsenal stars   Rio Ferdinand and Joe Cole name the four favourites to win Champions League  Liverpool are not back in action until 2 April when they host Watford in the Premier League immediately after the international break. Klopp will be desperate to avoid any injury or illness as then the intense run of fixtures begin, with both legs against Benfica, the two meetings with Manchester City and Premier League matches with Manchester United, Everton and Newcastle all before the end of April. If the Reds beat Benfica, the first leg of the Champions League semi-final will also be played in April, so it will be a hectic time as their quest for the unlikely quadruple reaches the business end. MORE : ‘He’s not smart enough’ – Roy Keane reacts to penalty controversy in Liverpool win at Nottingham Forest MORE : FA Cup semi-final draw: Manchester City vs Liverpool; Chelsea vs Crystal Palace For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp made sure to mention the rarely-seen players who helped the Reds along the way to Carabao Cup glory. Klopp’s men edged out Chelsea in a nervy penalty shootout at Wembley on Sunday to claim League Cup triumph. While both sides had the ball in the net… In "Slider 1" Virgil van Dijk says that Liverpool must first enjoy still being in three competitions, despite the physical strain it will put on the players. The Reds have already won the Carabao Cup this term and are therefore seeking an unprecedented quadruple. The Premier League title looked like it was Manchester… In "Slider 1" Jurgen Klopp is aiming for a quadruple with Liverpool this season. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images) Jurgen Klopp has revealed that he agreed to become Liverpool manager in 2015 while visiting Lisbon, the city his team will be travelling to for the UEFA Champions League quarter-final tie with Benfica after… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!