Lee Ryan has revealed he secretly married Verity Paris in Gibraltar, a year after welcoming their first child together. The Blue star, 38, married Verity, 32, in a romantic ceremony witnessed by family and friends. The couple, who have been together for two years, welcomed their first child, a daughter whose name they are yet to reveal, in August last year. Lee told The Sun of becoming a married man: ‘I met someone finally who loves and supports me in everything I do. ‘Verity is a beautiful, strong and loving woman who I treasure, and I’m a lucky man to have such a wonderful mother for my child, and now wife in her.’ He added: ‘I’ve never been more calm and grounded and I have Verity to thank for that. I’m the happiest I’ve ever been in my life because of the wonderful family life I now have.’ As well as the daughter he shares with Verity, Lee also has daughter Bluebell, 13, with ex-girlfriend Jessica Keevil, and son Rayn, 12, with former fiancée Samantha Miller. Lee and Ariana Grande impersonator Verity moved to the Costa Del Sol in Spain last year to give their family a ‘better quality of life’. He had also shared his joy at finding out the pair were going to have their first baby, telling Hello! Magazine in February 2021: ‘It’s the most amazing thing in the world.’  Blue’s Lee Ryan marries Verity Paris in secret in Gibraltar: ‘I’m a lucky man’  Verity added: ‘I’m very comfortable moving into the next stage of my life with someone who is so paternal and good with children. ‘Lee is so hands on and to me it is very reassuring to be with someone that loves family life.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly ‘appalled’ after Rob Rinder exposes dire support from UK government for Ukrainian refugees at Polish border: ‘For goodness sake’ MORE : Charli XCX wears T-shirt with powerful message as she heads to London for new album release Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!