 A former President of the United States, Barack Obama announced on Sunday March 13, that he has contracted the COVID-19 virus. Obama revealed that while he’s down with mild symptoms, his wife, Michelle tested negative for the disease. He Tweeted; ”I just tested positive for COVID. I’ve had a scratchy throat for a couple days, but am feeling fine otherwise. Michelle and I are grateful to be vaccinated and boosted, and she has tested negative. It’s a reminder to get vaccinated if you haven’t already, even as cases go down.” Read Also: Yul Edochie Celebrates Barack Obama On His 60th Birthday Obama, 60, had recently returned to Washington, DC, after spending much of the winter in Hawaii. The diagnosis makes Obama the second US President known to contract the virus after then-President Donald Trump announced he tested positive in October 2020, which was before vaccines were widely available in the US. Obama has been a champion of public health measure throughout the pandemic. Last August, he dramatically scaled back his 60th birthday party on Martha’s Vineyard due to concerns at the time over the Delta variant. The post Former US President, Barack Obama Tests Positive For COVID-19 appeared first on Information Nigeria. Former US President Barack Obama announced Sunday, March 13, 2022 he tested positive for COVID-19. “I just tested positive for COVID. I’ve had a scratchy throat for a couple of days, but am feeling fine otherwise. Michelle and I are grateful to be vaccinated and boosted, and she has tested… In "Slider 2" Former US President Barack Obama   Barack Obama has tested positive for a mild case of Covid-19, the former US president said on his Twitter account Sunday. “I’ve had a scratchy throat for a couple of days, but am feeling fine otherwise,” Obama tweeted, adding that his wife, former first… In "Slider 2" Former President Barack Obama said Sunday that he tested positive for COVID-19. Both the 60-year-old Obama and his wife Michelle Obama are fully vaccinated and boosted, the former president said. Michelle Obama has tested negative. Obama said his diagnosis is “a reminder to get vaccinated if you haven’t already, even… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!