Tamar Braxton has paid a heartfelt tribute to her late sister Traci, as well as opening up about the grieving process in a candid post. The singer, 45, took to her Instagram account to mark what would have been Traci’s 51st birthday after she died on March 12 following a battle with oesophageal cancer. In the caption of her Instagram post, Tamar wrote: ‘Someone lied and said “it gets easier.” It doesn’t. You just continue to live without. ‘On your last birthday, we all were so hopeful and optimistic and said it wasn’t going to be your last one. We were right because today and EVERY birthday we will celebrate you just like we said we would.’ The All The Way Home singer continued: ‘Our sisterly bond is unbreakable’. Alongside Tamar, Traci is survived by their other sisters, Towanda, 48, Trina, 47, and Toni, 54. They appeared in the popular reality TV series Braxton Family Values, which saw them star alongside their mother Evelyn Braxton. Singer, songwriter and actress Toni announced the sad news of their sister’s passing on her Instagram account in March. She wrote: ‘It is with the utmost regret that we inform you of the passing of our sister, Traci. ‘Needless to say, she was a bright light, a wonderful daughter, an amazing sister, a loving mother, wife, grandmother and a respected performer. We will miss her dearly.’ ‘Traci passed this morning as the snow was falling, our angel is now a snowflake. We ask that you respect our privacy as we plan to send her home with love, celebrating her life,’ the Un-Break My Heart singer added. ‘We are family forever.’ https://www.instagram.com/p/CbAr8x3LArE/?utm_source=ig_web_copy_link Traci’s husband also spoke of her death to People magazine at the time, adding: ‘We have come to a time where we must inform the public that after a year of privately undergoing a series of treatment for oesophageal cancer, our beloved Traci Braxton has gone on to glory.’ He added that she was ‘surrounded by family and friends at the time of her passing.’  Ryan Reynolds dashes onto pitch to hug goal-scoring hero as Wrexham AFC reach Wembley   Barrie Youngfellow dies aged 75 with family paying tribute to ‘loyal’ star   Simon Cowell shows off wrist brace with a thumbs up, 2 months after horror bike smash  Traci had appeared on the family’s reality show for its full run from 2011 to 2020, as well as recording hit song, Last Call. She was also a successful actress who had starred in Sinners Wanted and There’s A Stranger In My House. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian proves pink is not just a colour, it’s an attitude as she dons fierce ensembles and brushes off Kanye West drama MORE : Kanye West ‘seeking help’ after Kim Kardashian split and Pete Davidson feud Traci Braxton, a singer who was the sister of Toni and Tamar Braxton, has died after a hard-fought battle with cancer. She was 50. Her elder sister and the most famous of the Braxtons, Toni, 54, announced the news of her sister’s death in a statement shared on Instagram Saturday,… In "Slider 2" Traci Braxton Faye Sadou/AdMedia Newscom/MEGA In memoriam. Legendary performer Traci Braxton has died after a private cancer battle. She was 50. Celebrity Deaths in 2022: Stars We’ve Lost Read article The Braxton Family Values star had spent the last year in hospice amid her treatment for esophageal cancer. “When I heard the… In "Entertainment" Traci Braxton has did aged 50 (Picture: Earl Gibson III/Getty Images for WE tv ) Traci Braxton has died following a year-long battle with cancer, at the age of 50. The actress, who had starred in Sinners Wanted, There’s a Stranger in my House and Chaaw, was the sister of… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!