The fund will enable ZirooPay to expand its payment infrastructure and hire more innovative minds which will help hasten the company’s growth and scale. The round also received participation from existing investors such as Nordic venture fund Inventure, and other private and institutional funds such as Fedha Capital and Exotix Advisory. Angel investors included Petri Kivinen, the former managing director at Deutsche Bank, Morgan Stanley and Renaissance Capital; Abiodun Ajai, the director, sub-Saharan Africa of Bank of America; and Jonas Dromberg, former Bureau chief at Bloomberg. With parent company IroFit, ZirooPay was founded in 2014 and has since attained commendable growth. The company affrms to have over 15,000 merchants who leverage its POS terminals and mobile application. These merchants have processed $500 million — a 5,000% increase within three years — across 10 million transactions. ZirooPay is a developer of mobile POS payment systems designed to facilitate mobile payments. The company’s POS systems bypass the Internet, as the platform automatically routes transactions through pre-configured secure basic GSM channels. ZirooPay handles the details to enable customers focus on growing their business. Also, the mobile application allows small businesses across the retail, agency banking, hospitality and services sectors to track sales and manage business operations. The platform does this by transmitting credit card data via universally available, secure connections, allowing merchants to receive card payments in areas where Internet connectivity is poor or non-existent, enabling vendors to increase their sales, and satisfy and retain their customers. To build an omnichannel system for merchants, ZirooPay will expand its product suite and include additional payment channels and options to enhance the company’s growth speed, becoming the go-to platform in the retail space.  The post ZirooPay Receives $11.4 Million to Scale Growth Across the Retail Sector appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. The number of POS terminals in Nigeria grew from 150,000 in 2017 to 543,000 in April 2021, according to Statista. During that period, the volume of POS payments in the country also increased tremendously, hitting more than 500 billion as of May 2021. In Nigeria, POS terminals are used to process card… In "Tech News" Open finance continues to be a significant theme in the world of fintech as businesses tap APIs to access customers’ financial accounts and provide a gamut of integrated and embedded financial services. In the latest development, Stitch — one of the prominent players building and operating these APIs in Africa… In "Tech News" The adoption of buy now, pay later (BNPL) in Nigeria as a payment option both online and at the point of sale is expected to record a CAGR of 20% from 2021 to 2028, per this report. BNPL’s growth is further highlighted as GMV is predicted to increase from $204… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!