  Roshni Mahtani Cheung, group CEO and founder of The Parentinc The Parentinc, a Singapore-based startup that runs a parenting community and direct-to-consumer product line, announced today it has raised $22 million. The round was led by East Ventures with undisclosed investors and included participation from Central Retail Corporation, a new backer, and returning investor WHG Holdings. Part of the round was venture debt financing from DBS. The Parentinc, formerly called Tickled Media, is best known for theAsianparent, its parenting community, and also runs Mama’s Choice, which manufactures and sells halal pregnancy, nursing and baby care products. TechCrunch last covered the company in 2019 when it raised its Series C. Along with its headquarters in Singapore, the company also has offices in Bangkok, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Manila, Ho Chi Minh City and Mumbai. The company originated as a blog by founder and CEO Roshni Mahtani Cheung. “It all started because there wasn’t ample parenting information that Asian parents can relate to. Questions like, ‘Is it safe to feed a three year old durian?’ just weren’t covered in books and websites,” Mahtani Cheung told TechCrunch. The funding news comes a few weeks after The Parentinc said that it had added LINE Southeast Asia as a shareholder. Other strategic investors in the company include JD.com and SCB 10X, which has helped build Mama’s Choice presence in Indonesia and Thailand. The new capital will be used to expand theAsianparent and Mama’s Choice into three new markets before the end of 2022, including Vietnam and a U.S. launch by the end of this year. In a prepared statement, East Ventures co-founder and managing partner Willson Cuaca said, “We are impressed by The Parentinc’s incredible growth and successful transition from blog to becoming the unparalleled market leader across Southeast Asia in the parenting content, community and commerce space.” Talkspace-owned Lasting launches new ‘Parenting Guide’ app, its latest self-guided advice service  Mixing the personal with the professional in startup fundraising   Kwik, a Nigeria and French-based startup that provides logistics services to B2B merchants, from social vendors to e-commerce platforms, has raised $2 million in Series A funding. The financing round was led by XBTO Ventures, a crypto finance company with a VC arm that invests in digital assets, among other… In "Tech News" Global early-stage VC, Antler East Africa, has closed a $13.5 million fund to invest in early-stage tech startups. Intending to raise $10 million at the initial stage, Antler East Africa received an oversubscribed round with an additional $3.5 million.  Investors in the round included Baillie Gifford, an independent investment manager… In "Tech News" Welcome to my new weekly fintech focused column. I’ll be publishing this every Sunday, so in between posts, be sure to listen to the Equity podcast and hear Alex Wilhelm, Natasha Mascarenhas and me riff on all things startups! And if you want to have this hit your inbox directly… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!