Adele, Ed Sheeran and Inflo are among some of the biggest names in British music who have been nominated for this year’s Ivor Novello Awards. Chart-topper Ed has been nominated for no less than three awards, including two nods in the most performed work category for his hit singles Bad Habits and Shivers. He has also received a nod in the songwriter of the year category alongside Adele, Coldplay, Dave and Raye. The nomination will be a welcome lift for Ed following a difficult court case as he was accused of copying ‘particular lines and phrases’ from other musicians. Songwriters Sami Chokri and Ross O’Donoghue had brought a legal case against the singer after they claimed his 2017 track Shape Of You had infringed on their song Oh Why. Ed, along with Snow Patrol’s Johnny McDaid and producer Steven McCutcheon, won the High Court case on Wednesday, with Ed and Johnny later speaking out about the emotional cost the case had had on them. ‘There is a cost on our mental health,’ the songwriters said in a joint statement. ‘The stress this causes on all sides is immense.’ Ahead of Ed, musician Inflo leads the pack with four Ivor Novello nominations, having produced and co-written for the likes of Adele and Little Simz. Inflo, real name Dean Josiah Cover, received three nods in the best album category for his part in co-writing songs on Cleo Sol’s record Mother, the alternative band Sault’s album Nine alongside Jack Penate and Cleo Sol, and Little Simz’s Sometimes I Might Be Introvert. His fourth nomination comes in the best contemporary song category for his co-writing credits on Little Simz’s track I Love You, I Hate You. Multi-award winning singer Adele has also been nominated for the best song musically and lyrically award for her hit track Easy On Me, which won the 2022 Brit Award for British single. It will go up against All You Ever Wanted by Rag’n’Bone Man, Haunted House by Holly Humberstone, Let’s Go Home Together by Ella Henderson and Tom Grennan, and Sam Fender’s Seventeen Going Under. Nominated for the Ivor Novello rising star award is TikTok star PinkPantheress, as well as newcomers Ashaine White, Luz, Matilda Mann and Naomi Kimpenu. Shaznay Lewis, an Ivor Novello Award winner and judge for The Ivors, said: ‘It’s been a standout year for music and I am full of admiration for the 77 talented songwriters and composers we are celebrating this year. ‘Their work and words touch on a dizzying range of emotions, and I count myself lucky to have heard their stories. ‘As it has every year since 1956, The Ivors celebrates the outstanding creation of music, and I’d like to say a huge congratulations to every nominee.’ Last year’s Ivor Novellos saw former One Direction star Harry Styles win his first-ever gong for the most performed work of 2020 for his stunning track Adore You.  Ferdinand claims Atletico Madrid star hates Simeone’s tactics after Man City defeat   Paul Merson makes new top-four prediction as Arsenal defeat gives Spurs and Man Utd hope   ‘It creates a problem’ – Arsene Wenger sends Mohamed Salah contract warning to Liverpool  Adore You appears on Harry’s second solo studio album, Fine Line, which was released in late 2019; his newest album is set for release next month. The 2022 Ivor Novello Awards ceremony, which celebrates songwriting and composition, will be held at Grosvenor House in London on May 19. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!