Chelsea have displayed their ruthless streak after responding to Crystal Palace’s request to allow Conor Gallagher permission to play against his parent club in next weekend’s FA Cup semi-final. The all-action midfielder spent last season on loan at West Bromwich Albion and earned valuable Premier League experience at the Hawthorns. Gallagher was hopeful he had done enough to force his way into Thomas Tuchel’s first team plans but, with competition for places so fierce, it was decided that his development would be aided by another spell away from Stamford Bridge. The 22-year-old has thrived at Selhurst Park under the tutelage of Patrick Vieira and has been at the heart of the Eagles’ improvement this season. Gallagher earned his first senior England caps last month in the friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast and will no doubt be in Gareth Southgate’s plans for November’s World Cup in Qatar, regardless of his future at club level. Such is his importance to Palace, meanwhile, that the south east London club asked Chelsea to give Gallagher special dispensation and permit him the opportunity to take part in what would have been the biggest game of his fledgling club career at Wembley.  Paul Merson makes Premier League predictions including Man City vs Liverpool   Jack Wilshere urges Man Utd and Chelsea target to join Arsenal   Arsenal hold meeting to discuss shock transfer deal for Chelsea hero Eden Hazard  The terms of his loan deal prevent Gallagher from playing against his parent club, but those conditions could have been altered. Palace’s request, however, has fallen on deaf ears and the player will be forced to sit the game out, according to Goal. Chelsea’s response will come as a major blow to Vieira, who hailed Gallagher after another sensational display in Palace’s 3-0 win over Arsenal on Monday. He said: ‘The energy that he brings to the team – it allows other players to follow him behind. ‘The majority of the time he is the one who starts the pressing and puts on the pressure. That really forces the players behind to follow and to reduce the distances between the lines. He is a massive player.’ MORE : Ralf Rangnick reacts to Wayne Rooney’s Manchester United comments and addresses Donny van de Beek’s future MORE : ‘We didn’t see it coming’ – Thomas Tuchel shocked over Chelsea’s defensive woes￼ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!