Originally written on January 16, 2016 @ 2:03 pm Ecobank says it is expanding its impact in the e-commerce industry by establishing MyMall Nigeria with over 62 Small and Medium Enterprises operators already enlisted on the platform. MyMall is an online trading platform essentially for SME operators to sell and market their goods and services. It is designed for all categories of products and can be accessed from any part of the world. The online mall, which is different from other e-commerce platforms currently in the market in a number of ways, is merchant-focused and backed by Ecobank, a financial institution that is said to have vested interest in SMEs and managed by a partner, Netplus Advisory Services, which has substantial experience in the ecommerce space. “As of today, 62 SME operators have enlisted onto MyMall. It is a one-stop online mall for buyers and sellers to fulfil their needs of selling and buying online. Enrollment on the platform is currently free, but minimal fees may be introduced later,” Ecobank Nigeria’s Head, SME/Value Chain Banking, Mr. Sunkanmi Olowo, said. He said, “Working with our partners, we have taken care of every aspect that will make the online platform a success. The mall also has partnership with FEDEX to ensure timely and safe delivery of goods.” Registered merchants have access to own personalised web stores, logistic support for delivery of goods purchased online, inventory management system and a secure payment platforms for goods. There are also international trade opportunities to market their products to the whole world and collect sales proceeds with ease. “The platform will also be supported with digital marketing solutions, provide opportunities for business to business, business-to-consumer and consumer-to-consumer sales, among others. “This new offering from Ecobank is indicative of the already successful Ecobank SME club which has significantly impacted a number of SMEs by providing expert guidance and tools to properly establish and succeed at running an SME,” Olowo added. Olowo noted that, perhaps, most important and unique is the exposure that MyMall Nigeria gives its merchants and customers alike simply by living up to its ‘pan-African Bank’ strategy. “Ecobank, with its presence in 36 African countries, will, in the long run, be able to grant access to merchants from other countries to sell their products online using the platform. In the same vein, customers have a diverse collection of merchants to shop from. MyMall Nigeria helps bridge the gap between merchants and customers across different borders in Africa,” he added. Also speaking on the initiative, the Managing Director of NetPlus, Mr. Wole Faroun, said, “We are proud to be working with Ecobank on this project that we think will further transform e-commerce in Nigeria and help small businesses grow by taking advantage of the web.” In the burgeoning e-commerce industry in Nigeria, Faroun said MyMall hit all the right notes for both merchants and customers by offering convenience, security, ease of transaction, payment options, logistics and visibility. The post 62 SMEs get place in Ecobank e-mall appeared first on SME Digest!. Many are unsure about what to prioritise or feel overwhelmed by the sheer volume of technology decisions to make, often without the support of IT departments or chief information officers (CIOs) that guide larger businesses. This is why V-Hub was created. Launched by Vodacom Business, V-Hub is an online resource portal, specifically… In "Tech News" Stanbic IBTC Bank PLC, a member of the Stanbic IBTC Holdings PLC, has restated its desire to support the micro, small and medium scale enterprises sector in Nigeria through capacity building and enabling platforms to connect sector players with new markets. This, the Bank hopes to achieve through its various… In "Tech News" Traction in conjunction with Consonance Investments hosted a payments focused webinar themed “Navigating Retail Payments in Africa”, on Thursday, September 16 via zoom meetings. The speakers in the event included; Marcello Schermer, Head of Market Expansion, Yoco (leading South African merchant payment acquirer), Osahon Akpata, Head, Consumer Payments , Ecobank… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!