 Gary Neville believes Manchester United’s dull draw with Leicester could spark a quick announcement of their new permanent manager. The Red Devils were held to a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford on Saturday evening as Fred’s strike cancelled out Kelechi Iheanacho’s opener. But another lacklustre performance has left fans frustrated as they continue to wait for news on who will replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick in the summer. United have already held initial interviews with PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax’s Erik ten Hag and former defender Neville feels the disappointment of Saturday’s result could now force the club into making an announcement to keep the supporters on side. ‘Look, because the interview process started, publicly, sort of seven to 10 days ago, I said you’ve got to conclude it quite quickly or else it becomes a bit of a mess,’ Neville told Sky Sports. ‘There were reports earlier in the week that Ten Hag was awaiting details as to whether he was going to be offered a contract or not. ‘I suspect after that performance today what we’ll see a PR spike whereby the manager might be named. I don’t know but, for me, it wouldn’t surprise me. ‘You know, I’ve spoken in the last couple of weeks about a new manager coming in and everything thinking, “It’s all okay, we’ll go again.” ‘But we’ve been here for 10 years and it’s tough. That was a really tough watch, that today. I’m not angry, I don’t think any Manchester United fans left this ground angry tonight because we’ve gone probably past anger, we’re just flat. We’re bored and there was nothing there today.  FA Cup winner to be awarded Champions League spot – but only if they are a ‘big club’   Gary Neville admits Ralf Rangnick decision is a ‘massive low’ for Man Utd star   Ralf Rangnick singles out ‘extremely valuable’ Man Utd star for praise  ‘I don’t feel sorry for the players but those players out on the pitch, I do genuinely believe players care, but they lack direction and that comes from the very top. I said two weeks ago, the owners have had 10 years post- Sir Alex Ferguson to try and work this out. You know, they’re trying to run a football club by Zoom. ‘And they have been trying to run a football club by Zoom before Zoom even existed because they’ve not been here, [they’ve worked] through conference calls. Ultimately, there needs to be something that culturally shifts at this football club to make it a football project.’ A draw for United leaves them sixth in the Premier League table, three points behind fourth-placed Arsenal but the Gunners have two games in hand. MORE : ‘Absolutely criminal’ –  Rio Ferdinand stunned by Man Utd transfer decision MORE : Jamie Redknapp doubts ‘serial underachiever’ is right man to fix ‘poisonous’ Man Utd stars For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Jamie Redknapp has criticised Manchester United’s stars (Picture: Sky Sports/Getty) Jamie Redknapp isn’t convinced ‘serial underachiever’ Mauricio Pochettino is the right man to bring the glory days back to Manchester United. The Red Devils are on the hunt for a new manager with PSG boss Pochettino and Ajax manager Erik… In "Metro" Former Manchester United captain, Gary Neville, has admitted that Ajax manager, Erik Ten Hag, is the “massive favourite” to take over at Old Trafford on a permanent basis. Neville, however, wants Mauricio Pochettino to take up the role. Pochettino, as well as Ten Hag, are leading candidates to replace interim… In "Slider 2" Erik Ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino are leading candidates for the Manchester United job (Picture: Getty) Manchester United legend Gary Neville believes his former club favour Ajax boss Erik Ten Hag over Mauricio Pochettino because the Dutchman would be easier to appoint. The club want to speak to both candidates… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!