Originally written on January 16, 2016 @ 1:38 pm E-commerce giant Jumia has appointed Juliet Anammah as the CEO of Jumia Nigeria. Juliet Anammah takes over from former Co-CEOs, Jeremy Doutte and Nicolas Martin, who are moving on to lead Jumia’s operations across the African continent. Jumia currently operates in 11 African countries. Jumia Nigeria is a portfolio company of the Africa Internet Group (AIG). In addition to Jumia, AIG owns a network of internet companies that operate across the continent in a variety of verticals. AIG is jointly owned by Millicom, MTN Group and Rocket Internet. “Juliet brings strong leadership capacity and a consumer-driven mindset honed from her experience in consumer goods and services,” said Jeremy Hodara, Co-CEO Africa Internet Group. “As Jumia moves into a new phase of growth, consolidating on the gains so far, while driving for more relevance to our customers, Juliet’s ability to focus sharply on the strategic levers of success is invaluable,” Hodara added.
Prior to joining Jumia, Juliet Anammah was a Partner in Accenture. Anammah was the Managing Director of Accenture Nigeria’s Consumer Goods Practice. Anammah brings to Jumia over 24 years of professional experience with six years at the senior executive level. According to Jumia Nigeria, Anammah’s appointment marks a new phase of growth for the company, during which Anammah will drive two key themes: Firstly, Jumia’s focus on the customer and, secondly, Jumia’s partnership with brands and vendors. These two areas will be the “battlefield” of the newly appointed CEO. “My objective is to relentlessly focus on building the Jumia brand, making it the one-stop shopping destination in Nigeria by offering convenience and the widest assortment of quality products at affordable prices,” said Ms. Anammah. “We are building a platform for local and global brands to enter the market at the speed of light by going directly from the factory to the consumers. This is a game changer for Nigeria and a major shift in the way companies look at their market entry strategy,” she added. The post Jumia Nigeria appoints Juliet Anammah as CEO appeared first on SME Digest!. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!