Gordon Ramsay is never too far away from his children as he found out at Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s wedding. The Hell’s Kitchen star had a coveted invitation to the showbiz wedding of the year (so far) as David and Victoria Beckham’s eldest child married the American actress. It was quite the lavish affair with Nicola welcoming around 300 guests to her parents’ sprawling $103million (£79million) mansion in Palm Beach, Florida on Saturday evening. There was a strict phone ban in place but some stars have managed to sneak a few cheeky snaps onto their social media accounts without giving too much of the wedding details away. Gordon, 55, was one of them as he took to Instagram on Sunday morning to show off his and wife Tana’s glamorous outfits. In the photo, the TV chef is seen looking particularly dapper in a black suit and tie while Tana, 47, brought the sparkle in a slinky gold sequinned dress. There happened to be a familiar face in the background as their daughter and Strictly Come Dancing star Tilly, 20, jumped into the photo with her cheeky smile seen beaming in between her two parents. It appears she photobombed Gordon and Tana as he captioned the photo: ‘Really Tilly,’ feigning annoyance. Gordon’s not the only wedding guest to share a behind-the-scenes look into the private occasion, as tennis champ Serena Williams filmed herself at 4am after presumably partying at the reception. She told her followers: ‘It’s so time for me to go to bed right now, I’m like, go to bed Serena, go to bed. I just need an intervention on sleep. Goodnight – or good morning!’ The 40-year-old attended the ceremony with her older sister and tennis star Venus Williams, who also posted photos of her stunning outfit on Instagram. However, the newlywed couple clearly didn’t mind as bride Nicola praised Venus’ look and commented ‘VENUS’ alongside a heart-eye emoji.  The Ramsays jet into Miami for Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s star-studded wedding   Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars hopeful axed after serving honey to vegans   Future Food Stars: Meet the 12 contenders fighting to win Gordon Ramsay’s investment  Among the other stars in attendance were Spice Girls singers Mel B and Mel C, but their bandmates Emma Bunton and Geri Horner were unable to make it. Brooklyn and Nicola tied the knot in a Jewish and Catholic ceremony to honour the faith of both her parents, before sharing their first dance to Elvis Presley’s classic hit Only Fools Rush In. It’s believed they have signed an exclusive deal with Vogue magazine to release the official photos from their special day. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Serena Williams ‘struggling to sleep’ at 4am after partying at Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s wedding reception MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz ‘share first dance to Elvis Presley’ after marrying in lavish £3,000,000 wedding Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!