Dani Ceballos has hit back at Piers Morgan after he claimed that Mikel Arteta made a ‘season-wrecking mistake’ by allowing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to leave Arsenal. Morgan delivered his verdict in the wake of Arsenal’s 3-0 defeat to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park on Monday evening. The result has left Arsenal fifth in the Premier League, level on points with Tottenham who have played one game more. But Morgan believes Arteta’s decision to let Aubameyang sign for Barcelona in January has ‘come back to haunt’ Arsenal as they chase down a fourth-placed finish in the Premier League. ‘This is actually a moment when Arsenal fans need to accept Arteta made a massive season-wrecking mistake in giving away Aubameyang and relying on Lacazette to lead the line,’ Morgan posted on Twitter after Arsenal’s loss to Palace. ‘I said it would come back to haunt us – and it is.’ However, Ceballos, who spent two seasons on loan at Arsenal, defended Arteta. ‘Friend, let him work, he is very good,’ Ceballos wrote in his response to Morgan. ‘He will also take Arsenal to where they deserve. Patience.’  Steve McClaren could be named Man Utd assistant manager under Erik ten Hag   Wayne Rooney slams Jose Mourinho for treating youngsters like they ‘don’t exist’   Mikel Arteta apologises to Arsenal flop after Crystal Palace defeat  Speaking after Arsenal’s defeat to Palace, Arteta branded his side’s performance as ‘unacceptable’. We weren’t at the races today, especially in the first half,’ said the Arsenal boss. ‘We were late to every ball, we were soft in the duels and we didn’t earn the right to play, and when we did a little bit we were sloppy on the ball. ‘We didn’t have any dominance or sequences of play when we could take control of the game and we conceded two poor goals as well, so overall it’s unacceptable.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Former Arsenal loanee Dani Ceballos has hit back at criticism levelled at Mikel Arteta following the defeat to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park, urging fans to have patience with their Spanish coach. The Gunners fell to a meek 3-0 defeat to Crystal Palace and former legend Patrick Vieira, and in… In "Sports" Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has settled immediately at Barcelona(Photo by /Quality Sport Images/Getty Images) Barcelona manager Xavi has thanked Arsenal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, describing the striker as a ‘gift from heaven’. The Gabon captain joined the Catalans in January after Arsenal agreed to cancel his contract at the Emirates. Aubameyang took a… In "Metro" Popular Television personality and life-long fan of Arsenal, Piers Morgan has said that he was furious the Gunners gave away wonderful worldclass striker, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Morgan said this in a tweet on Sunday as Aubameyang led Barcelona to beat Real Madrid 4-0 in a LaLiga El Clásico tie at the… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!