{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T30S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/04/02/16/56132845-0-image-a-142_1648914108068.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-04-02T16:41:06+0100","description":"Andrew Garfield Imitates The Will Smith Slap As He Attends The 2022 Vanity Fair Oscar Party In Beverly Hills.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/04/02/1865331314410868230/480x270_MP4_1865331314410868230.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Andrew Garfield has appeared to mock Will Smith’s shocking Oscars slap in a now-viral video that’s emerged online. New footage has been shared that appears to show Oscar-nominated star Andrew, 38, mimicking the now infamous moment Will hit Chris Rock during the 94th Academy Awards ceremony. In the 18-second clip that’s been posted to UnCrazed’s YouTube account, Andrew can be seen exiting the Oscars party before he walks up to a group of people, and appears to mouth the words, ‘What the f*** are you doing?’ before laughing and slapping the air. Andrew, who was nominated at this year’s ceremony alongside Will in the best actor category for his role in Tick, Tick… BOOM!, then appears to slap the air again, before the video cuts out. During Sunday’s (March 27) Oscars, Will, 53, walked on stage and hit 57-year-old comedian Chris, while he presented the best documentary Oscar at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. Chris had just made a joke about Will’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith, in which he referenced her hair loss. Speaking to the glittering audience, he said: ‘Jada, I love you. G.I. Jane 2, can’t wait to see it.’ After he hit Chris, Will swore at the former Saturday Night Live presenter, yelling: ‘Keep my wife’s name out of your f****** mouth!’ In a subsequent apology, the King Richard Oscar winner revealed that Chris’s joke about his wife’s alopecia was ‘too much’ for him to ‘bear’, and he condemned violence in all its forms calling it ‘poisonous’. In 2018, Will’s wife Jada revealed that she’d been battling alopecia, which had left her ‘shaking with fear’. At the time, she said: ‘I’ve been getting lots of questions about why I’ve been wearing this turban,’ she revealed. ‘Well, I’ve been having issues with hair loss. ‘And I’ll tell you it was terrifying when it first started. I was in the shower one day and then just handfuls of hair, just in my hands, and I was like “oh my God am I going bald?”’ Alopecia is an autoimmune disease that causes the sufferer to lose their hair, and there is no known cure for the excessive hair fall. Will, who won the best actor shortly after he slapped Chris, subsequently resigned from the Academy, after he violated its code of conduct. In a statement shared with Variety, Will said: ‘The list of those I have hurt is long and includes Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, all those in attendance, and global audiences at home. ‘I betrayed the trust of the Academy. I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken.’  Academy accepts Will Smith’s resignation and is ‘moving forward disciplinary proceedings’   Chris Rock smiles leaving comedy show hours before Will Smith’s Academy resignation   Will Smith resigns from the Academy after slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars  He added: ‘I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements and allow the Academy to get back to the incredible work it does to support creativity and artistry in film.’ Will concluded: ‘Change takes time and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Andrew’s representatives for comment. MORE : Chris Rock smiles leaving comedy show hours before Will Smith’s resignation from Academy after Oscars slap MORE : Will Smith resigns from the Academy after slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars: ‘I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements’ Garfield walks up to a group of people and mouths ‘what the f*** are you doing?’, seemingly copying Smith’s outburst in the video In "Breaking News" Andrew Garfield with Chris Rock and Will Smith insetted. Shutterstock (2) Tick, tick, slap. Andrew Garfield was in the audience when Will Smith slapped Chris Rock at the 2022 Oscars — and he seemingly offered his take on the incident when he left the ceremony. Will Smith and Chris Rock's… In "Entertainment" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video A new clip of a confused-looking Chris Rock immediately following his being slapped by Will Smith at the Oscars has emerged online. During the ceremony, which took place on Sunday in Los… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!