 DISCLAIMER DISCLAIMER! RE: ENDORSEMENT OF ONE, UJU OSUDE AS CONSENSUS CANDIDATE OF ANAMBRA SOUTH FOR THE POSITION OF THE STATE SECRETARY OF PDP ANAMBRA STATE. It is not just laughable but equally a political thuggery for some self-acclaimed leaders to participate and even mid-wife a broad day, political robbery in the name of a purported meeting of PDP, Anambra South Stakeholders. Not only that it is analog and archaic for such a malicious and fraudulent meeting to hold in the first place but equally filled with lies just for media clout chasing and political propaganda,In a 21st century world. Does one make history on lies? The leader of PDP in Anambra South, His Excellency, Mr Valentine Chineto Ozigbo, the gubernatorial candidate of PDP, in the last gubernatorial race, was not aware, nor part of the supposed meeting. Leaders of the party in various Local Governments in Anambra were not part of the supposed Stakeholders’ meeting, hosted by one JJ Malizu. And one will ask, Who is JJ Malizu and those who organized this travesty with him to promote an inglorious agenda, to ambush PDP Aguata and Anambra south senatorial zone in general? They want to foist a fait accompli on our great party. It will not work! What were their roles in the last PDP gubernatorial race?What is their interest and why do they want to foist Uju Osude a woman who worked assiduously with her husband Jude Osude for APC in the last election on Aguata PDP as a consensus candidate?Do we now reward anti-party activities in PDP? The same set of people who claimed aggrieved and defected to other political parties,worked against PDP, in the just concluded gubernatorial race are now deciding who our candidates should be? The same set of persons that have been fighting tooth and nail to destabilize PDP, over the years. What are they afraid of? Are they afraid of going into a democratic congress to elect a capable and trustworthy fellow, that understands the importance of being a party Man? Why are they stooping so low, to impose a puppet in the name of purported endorsement? Please, Anambra South PDP, has been in harmony and united since our gubernatorial candidate, Mr. Valentine Ozigbo came to the fore to ensure unity and progress in his Senatorial District. All Political touts and agents of disunity should as a matter of urgency, refrain from causing or spreading such a fallacious publication that can endanger the unity in Anambra South PDP, and mislead the innocent public and Party faithful. Anambra South PDP Stakeholders, have not met and until then, the future of our party can not be decided by mere political thugs, whose only job, is to cause disunity and ensure the failure of the party, in every electioneering year. A right-thinking mind will ask, who is the convener of the purported meeting and his position in Anambra South PDP. What right does he have to mid-wife such a broad day robbery, just for clout chasing? When Anambra South PDP, speaks will know.POWER TO THE PEOPLE! 9News Nigeria Former Governor of Imo State, Emeka Ihedioha, has said Senator Samuel Anyanwu, who represented Imo East, Samuel Anyanwu is neither the problem of the state nor the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). He said the PDP in the state is one and remains a united family driven by a common purpose.… In "Slider 1" The Anambra State gubernatorial election is about five months away from now, but the build-up is already getting exciting. It is indeed one state where political analysts and social commentators enjoy beaming their searchlight on because of the politics, intrigues and antics associated with its electioneering. Ahead of the November… In "Business" …As Business mogul harps on bi-lateral co-operation between Delta and Anambra Momentum continues to build for Valentine Ozigbo, the flag-bearer of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2021 Anambra governorship election, as a town hall meeting with indigenes of Anambra living in neighbouring Delta State witnessed a resounding endorsement for… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!