 Work to do in Madrid. #UCL pic.twitter.com/Gjn8wNdaKi — Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) April 6, 2022  In a game of few chances, Karim Benzema continued to prove the difference for Los Blancos, scoring a hat-trick including two brilliant headers in quick succession in the first half. It could have been a very different scoreline had Chelsea shown a similar ruthlessness in front of goal, with the Blues hitting the bar and Romelu Lukaku heading wide twice when it looked harder to miss than to score. At the midway point of the clash, however, Chelsea know that they will need a memorable night at the Santiago Bernabeu to progress, and Tuchel believes it may be beyond his squad. Asked after the tie whether the clash was still alive, the Blues boss simply replied with ‘no’, a damning indictment of just how serious the damage inflicted by Benzema in front of a stunned Stamford Bridge crowd could prove to be. Is the tie alive? Tuchel replies: “No.” #CHERMA — Simon Johnson (@SJohnsonSport) April 6, 2022  With two defeats on the bounce, and 7 goals conceded across the 180 minutes, Chelsea need to snap out of whatever slumber they have slipped into after the international break. While the Premier League is a two horse race that they are not a part of, the FA Cup remains on the table for a side who were beaten in last season’s final by Leicester City, in Thomas Tuchel’s first final with the club. They will be itching to put that right, but face a rejuvenated Crystal Palace side who dismantled Arsenal 3-0 on Monday night, and could do the same to Tuchel and co. if they are not at the required level.  Chelsea boss, Thomas Tuchel, has insisted that his team face a ‘big challenge’ after drawing Real Madrid in the quarter-finals of the Champions League. Chelsea was on Friday paired against Real Madrid when the quarter-finals draw was conducted. The Blues had qualified for the Champions League last-8 after eliminating Lille,… In "Slider 2" Chelsea boss, Thomas Tuchel has said he is happy that Mateo Kovacic is his player at Stamford Bridge. He also said that the Croatian midfielder looks like a ‘wonderkid’ in training as the Blues prepare to face Real Madrid in the Champions League, on Wednesday. Chelsea, who are title holders,… In "Slider 2" Thomas Tuchel is looking to defend the Champions League title this season (Picture: Getty Images) It is a tasty tie in the Champions League quarter-finals between Chelsea and Real Madrid, with the first leg played at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night. It is a repeat of last season’s semi-finals, which… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!