Unfortunately, making sure you’re not tired in the morning starts with getting a good night’s sleep the night before. You can do lots of things to ensure you sleep well and wake up feeling refreshed, from sticking to a sleeping routine, exercising more, and avoiding alcohol. But unless you have a time machine, that advice is not so helpful on a Monday morning when you feel like you’re dragging yourself from bed to work. So while you’re waiting for your healthy habits to kick in and make a difference in your energy levels, how can you wake yourself up in the morning when you’re feeling tired? From incorporating meditation into your morning routine, to forcing yourself to have a brisk shower, here’s some advice for waking up. This seems obvious, but there is a good reason why many people start their morning with a cup of tea or coffee. These drinks contain caffeine, which is a stimulant that can make people who consume it feel alert and awake for around six hours afterwards. Incorporating meditation into your morning routine can help you wake up gently and easily, as well as allow you the time to be calm before starting your day. According to the meditation app, Headspace, ‘When we start our day with a morning meditation, we are giving ourselves the best opportunity to be fully aware, fully awake, and fully alive before “doing” anything. ‘Starting your day with a morning meditation can gently release grogginess and help set the conditions for a more successful day.’ Light exposure can impact your sleep habits – it’s why we’re told to switch off from digital devices before bed. But we can also manipulate light exposure to help us wake up and feel more alert in the mornings. The Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) suggests: ‘If you cannot wake up early enough, go into a brightly lit area when you get up (for example, eat your breakfast outside or next to a sunny window).’ Shake off the tiredness- literally. Exercise is great for generally boosting and making you feel more awake. And while there is no one best time to exercise – it’s all down to individual preference. Healthline says that, ‘By exercising early, you may feel more energised throughout the day.’ This could be anything from an early morning 5k to some jumping jacks in the living room. Or, you could get off your train or bus a few stops earlier and walk the rest of the way into the office. While it may not be something to look forward to first thing in the morning, taking a cold shower in the morning can help you wake up. The shock of the cold water will wake you up by increasing your heart rate and oxygen intake, as well as your alertness. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T38S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2021/10/06/06/48820289-0-image-a-1_1633499155271.jpg","uploadDate":"2021-10-06T06:45:49+0100","description":"Tickle Butt, Megabreath and Mittens get rather excitable at night.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2021/10/06/1542010362301596362/480x270_MP4_1542010362301596362.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Putting the radio on is likely a part of your morning routine – but did you know certain songs can help wake you up more than others? In 2015, Spotify partnered with psychology PhD candidate David M. Greenberg to create a playlist to wake up to. Together, they found that the best music to wake up to is music that ‘builds’, and has a strong beat and positive lyrics. Songs on the playlist include Coldplay’s Viva La Vida, Hailee Steinfeld’s Love Myself, and Katrina & The Waves’ Walking on Sunshine. MORE : Could splitting sleep into two sessions the secret to increased productivity? MORE : Your sleep posture matters – here’s what you need to know Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!