The makers of Better Call Saul have opened up on what it was like to resume filming after Bob Odenkirk suffered a heart attack, with one of the creators saying ‘it was a hard scene to go back to’ after the actor recovered. In July last year, it was announced that Bob, 59, had been taken to hospital after he collapsed on the set of the Breaking Bad spin-off series. The actor later revealed that he had suffered a ‘small heart attack’, expressing his gratitude for ‘the outpouring of love from everyone who expressed concern and care for me’, before returning to work a couple of months later. This month, the sixth and final season of the show – which first premiered in 2015 – will begin, with the second half of episodes coming out from July. While attending the premiere in Hollywood, co-creator Vince Gilligan recalled how ‘amazing’ Bob’s recovery was following his health scare, stating: ‘He came right back, like it never happened. It was for real: He was gone, then he was back.’ Speaking to Deadline, Vince explained that he was present at the time of the incident as he was directing the scene when Bob’s health faltered. ‘It was a hard scene to go back to,’ he said. ‘We weren’t all the way through it. We were four-fifths of the way through it, so when he recovered, we had to finish shooting the scene.’ Vince praised the members of the crew who made the scene look exactly as it did before, including people working in make-up, wardrobe, hair and the director of photography, so that when the scene was pieced together, ‘you can’t tell what’s the new stuff and what’s the old stuff’. ‘I can say that this season you’re going to see shots of Bob before and after, and you’ll never know,’ co-creator Peter Gould said. ‘His recovery is amazing. I can put the two scenes next to each other, and never know the difference.’ Vince described Better Call Saul’s health safety supervisor Rosa Estrada and assistant director Angie Meyer as ‘angels’ and ‘saints’, as they administered CPR to Bob and connected him to an automated defibrillator. During a conversation with Metro.co.uk in October last year, Giancarlo Esposito – who plays Gus Fring in the drama – said he was ‘shocked’ by how quickly his co-star recovered.  Bridgerton season 2 sets fans pulses’ racing as sex scene finally happens: ‘Much hotter’   Selling Sunset season 5: Release date, cast, trailer, and how to watch in UK   Disturbing Jimmy Savile Netflix documentary dubbed ‘most unsettling piece of television’  ‘Anytime you’re on set and you have a medical emergency, it just rocks your world, especially when you’re working with someone who has suffered that emergency,’ the 63-year-old said. ‘I’m really happy to say that Bob has an angel – we all have angels – but Bob is doing just fine and has really recovered quickly.’ Better Call Saul season six will premiere on April 19 on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bob Odenkirk needed three defibrillator shocks to restart his pulse after near-fatal heart attack MORE : Better Call Saul’s Bob Odenkirk tells fans he is ‘doing great’ after heart attack on set (FILES) Actor Bob Odenkirk was rushed to hospital after collapsing on the set of popular television drama “Better Call Saul” in New Mexico, US media reported. (Photo by VALERIE MACON / AFP)     US actor Bob Odenkirk was in a stable condition in the hospital Wednesday after collapsing on… In "Slider 1" Bob Odenkirk was rushed to hospital in New Mexico, in July 2021, after suffering from a heart attack while filming Better Call Saul In "Entertainment" The 59-year-old actor was featured in the trailer for the sixth and final season of Better Call Saul released on Wednesday night. In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!