Opis Group, a British blockchain technology company, has commenced expansion of its non-fungible token (NFT) play-to-earn (P2E) game, OpiPets, to Nigeria and five other African countries. The game will also be operational in South Africa, Kenya, Ghana, Togo and Tanzania, where the adoption of blockchain innovations is now gathering steam. OpiPets is a free-to-play, P2E online game that rewards players with cryptocurrency and the chance to build, battle, acquire, and trade their own unique NFT OpiPets characters. OpiPets’ parent company Opis Group is on a mission to lower the barriers to adoption that currently prevent blockchain games from becoming mainstream globally and in Africa. Opis Group hopes the game will improve people’s lives worldwide, and Africa is a priority to the company. Gamers, and NFT fans on the continent joining the community can participate in game development and earn tokens and cryptocurrencies with real-world value without paying any upfront fees. Read also: The Alkebulan Tribe NFT, Comic and Gaming Society is set to unite Africa’s rich history with Technology Opis Group’s expansion into the continent will enable people to earn both passive and active income from the OpiPets game (and the cloud application) without connecting any wallet to their accounts from the start. Currently, many intermediate NFT adopters on the continent do so as a way to flip digital arts for quick profits. However, OpiPets’ entrance into Africa opens the door to more possibilities in the blockchain, digital art, gaming and cryptocurrency scene. A demonstration of their dedication to bringing in the largest markets in Africa is hiring a Nigerian marketing executive to tap into growing communities of cryptocurrency and NFT advocates within the region. “Our goal is to make it easier for everyone to understand the full benefits of playing and participating in the play to earn gaming space, especially when Web3 initiatives like NFTs back it.” OpiPets’ newly appointed growth & marketing lead for Africa, Babatunde Ayomide Ifedapo (@the_ayo_ifedapo) who will spearhead OpiPets’ marketing and growth efforts in Nigeria and other African countries, explained. “We want all gamers and even blockchain unbelievers to see the benefits that can be harnessed from crypto & NFTs. The best way to do this is to help them earn as they play and gamify the onboarding process into the Web3 Ecosystems; this is what we’ve created at OpiPets.” Play-to-earn is especially profitable for Africans where in-game tokens and cryptocurrencies earned can be exchanged for fiat at high exchange rates. Helping people economically by rewarding them for their time and effort is fundamental to Opis Group. Babatunde explains, “personally, I see free, play-to-earns in the NFT space as a way to take a lot of Africans into economic prosperity and I’m bullish about this. There is no better way to earn from something you love doing with the simple steps of setting up a free account and instantly enjoying the game.” Game is a platform where the players get a lot of fun & entertainment, and it is not new in the world as it left its footprints long years ago. Most of us remember the early 90’s game that runs on 16 bit such as Street Fighter, Mario, and others.… In "Metro" French startup Voodoo has announced that it plans to make a significant investment in blockchain-powered mobile games. The company estimates that it represents a $200 million investment over the coming years. 2021 has been an important year for crypto gaming, with Axie Infinity popularizing the play-to-earn model. Some companies, such… In "Business" If you’re an avid gamer looking for the next step in terms of wanting to trade, buy and sell virtual goods in a 3D environment then FIREPIN Token (FRPN) could be what you are looking for. As the Metaverse is growing rapidly and its market price opportunity is worth apparently… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!