What was your favourite Dot Cotton moment? For me, it’s when Jim Branning proposed to her on the London Eye and her wry little smile as she looked out over the Thames. Others will pick the time she talked to her step-granddaughter Sonia over the internet and got scared by her own webcam, or the time she panicked with her Sat Nav and drove her car the wrong way down a dual carriageway. In a Walford residency that spanned three decades, there are almost too many stand-out moments to count. Dot Cotton was a lot of things to a lot of people, but however people remember her best, the one thing we can agree on is that she was an icon. So when the news broke of June Brown’s death, my heart sank. EastEnders simply wouldn’t be the same without her. Until recently, we had been fortunate to not know what that looked like – June joined the soap just a few months after it launched and only left for good in 2020. Having invested much of my adult life in the stories of various soap characters, to lose Dot felt personal. Her character seemed to exist well beyond the screen to the point where it’s her unmistakable aura I remember most, rather than any singular moment. When the character exited the soap permanently in 2020, she left behind a lasting impression of chainsmoking and an East End drawl – a loss that is felt even more keenly now that June Brown has also gone. Dot felt like more than just a soap character to me. Over her time on Albert Square, we watched her devote much of her life to her beloved launderette, which became as much the fabric of Albert Square as the Queen Vic. We watched her struggle to parent her unparentable son Nasty Nick as he relentlessly turned up to steal her money and make her life difficult. But we also watched as she forgave him and took on everyone else who needed a home too, including Fatboy, whose off-screen death in 2015 was all the more upsetting because Dot was at home waiting for him. From her hair rollers to her hypochondria, Dot was nothing short of legendary. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T1M2S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/04/04/14/56203179-0-image-a-158_1649077702880.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-04-04T14:07:40+0100","description":"EastEnders star June Brown, best known for her role as chain-smoking Dot Cotton, has died at the age of 95, the BBC has announced.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/04/04/6008232254069455027/480x270_MP4_6008232254069455027.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video But for all her quirks and strong character development, it was June Brown’s performance that elevated Dot to greatness. It was a performance that was rightly BAFTA-nominated in 2009, for Dot’s solo episode in which she taped a message for her husband Jim, who was in hospital after a stroke. Few people could carry an episode like that on their own but June Brown could – most of us would tune in just to watch her warble through the theme tune. In June’s hands, Dot was far from a caricature. Yes, she was funny, often ridiculous, but most importantly, she felt real. Soaps have always been good at putting a spotlight on working class communities and Dot Cotton was a working class matriarch through and through. We saw her deal with storylines on her faith, euthanasia, and loneliness. But we also got to see her be wooed by Jim, fall in love, and marry him, in a storyline about romance later in life that few older actors are afforded now, both in and out of soapland. Through it all, the audience loved her, rooted for her, and more than anything wanted her no-good son Nick to do right by her at last. That Nasty Nick remains one of soaps most enduring villains is as much down to Dot as it is him. Without her heart and willingness to forgive, would we have felt quite so let down by his perennial scheming and treachery? Personally,  the most impressive thing about Dot Cotton is that, even with the heavy storylines and BAFTA nominations, she was still a masterclass in camp. And June Brown knew it – there was nothing accidental about how she delivered otherwise forgettable lines like ‘Oh! My vanilla buttercream strawberry regalie!’ in the way only she could. Seeing her in interviews outside of EastEnders only confirmed the breadth of her acting talent. June Brown was so obviously a riot of fun and laughter to everyone who knew her, but worldly in a way that Dot wasn’t. Only June could steal the show from Lady Gaga and make friends with her at the same time. Her care for her character, her commitment and her skill, have led to a presence on EastEnders that now, even after she’s gone, feels immortal. Dot was far more than simply a plume of smoke with a catchphrase. She was the heart and soul of EastEnders, one of many important women that made soapland itself what it is today – and no one more than Dot deserved the ‘Look Out From the Back of a Cab’ treatment that has become synonymous with emotional departures from the soap.  Meena’s trial commences in Emmerdale and it’s bonkers   Hollyoaks spoilers: Cleo pregnant with killer Toby’s baby?   Ben commits a brutal attack in shocking EastEnders twist  The audience too, deserved to hear that slow plinky plunky version of the EastEnders theme as Dot moved on from Walford to pastures new. But there’s still the sense that we didn’t get a proper send off when June Brown was alive. EastEnders should make sure they give her one to remember now she’s gone. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Diane Parish pays emotional tribute to ‘real boss’ of EastEnders’ June Brown after death aged 95: ‘Everyone is devastated’ MORE : EastEnders dedicates episode to June Brown following Dot Cotton star’s death aged 95 MORE : EastEnders’ Scott Maslen pays tribute to ‘powerful, intelligent and lovely’ June Brown EastEnders stars have paid tribute to the late great June Brown (Picture: BBC) EastEnders cast members have paid tribute to June Brown following the news of her death aged 95. The Dot Cotton star died at her home in Surrey on Sunday with her family by her side. ‘We are… In "Metro" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video EastEnders star June Brown seemed ‘tired’ in the weeks before her death, her on-screen son John Altman has revealed. Brown, who played the iconic Dot Cotton in the BBC soap, died at… In "Metro" June is best known for her role as Dot in EastEnders (Picture: BBC)p EastEnders has paid tribute to legend June Brown following her death. Known for her role as Dot Cotton in the BBC One soap, the actress died at her home in Surrey on Sunday night with her family… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!