The race is on for Coachella organisers to find a replacement for Kanye West sharpish after the rapper allegedly pulled out of the festival. Kanye, 44, was scheduled to headline the music and arts festival in California on April 17 and April 24 alongside Harry Styles and Billie Eilish on the bill. However, TMZ reported that the Jesus Walks rapper pulled out at the last minute for an unknown reason. Coachella bosses are now no doubt scrambling to find an artist of similar acclaim to fill the coveted headline spot. According to Billboard, agents began reaching out to Goldenvoice President Paul Tollett to put their well known clients forward as possible replacements as soon as the news broke. A source said: ‘You don’t book a spot and keep it. [Tollett] will book whoever he wants.’ The publication speculated that whoever signs up for the festival could already be on tour, making it easy for them to adapt their live show to Coachella at such late notice. However, that’s not a requirement from Goldenvoice with the only typical stipulations that a headlining artist does not perform at competing festivals that summer, or announce West Coast tour dates until after Coachella. With Kanye’s spot now wide open, fans are speculating which artists could replace him… Who could replace Kanye West at Coachella? The Barbz have been waiting for queen Nicki’s return to the stage since she took time out after welcoming her son at the end of 2019. She’s been dropping hints about her big return in recent weeks so what better way to mark her new era than at the biggest music festival in the US? We’re fairly certain that Doja has put her retirement plans on hold for now as she confirmed as much at the Grammys last weekend. She’s been keeping us bopping to her rap-pop bangers over the past two years with hits such as Kiss Me More, Need To Know, Woman and Get Into It. Also, can you imagine the choreography? We’re into it. We’ve already got the grunge and indie from Harry and Billie on the line-up, but what about the smooth? According to Billboard, double act Silk Sonic aka Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak are among the top names being put forward for the gig. Not only are they fresh from their Grammys triumph on Sunday, but both have extensive solo catalogues that could more than fill the two-hour set. It would be a Brit sandwich if Dua were to join Harry and Billie on the line-up. There are few pop acts who are currently performing more qualified than Dua to fill the headline slot with her catalogue of endless commercial hits. ‘Honestly dua lipa replacing Kanye would be a great idea, the stage presence, Levitating @ coachella,’ one fan tweeted pretty much summing up our feelings on this. If we’re looking at touring artists, Miley has been busy performing at festivals the past month and just released her live album and therefore would be a fitting choice. Plus, this year’s Coachella needs a bit of fun chaos and Miley never fails to deliver on that front. Could this be the year we finally get Kendrick to headline a festival again? The Swimming Pools rapper was due to headline Glastonbury on this side of the pond last year but had to cancel due to the pandemic.  We need to talk about Justin Bieber’s oversized Grammys suit   BTS stars J-Hope and Jungkook praised for recovery after Grammys falls   Grammys 2022: Trevor Noah mocks Will Smith, BTS stage falls and other highlights  Last year was another non-starter but perhaps Kendrick will finally launch his forthcoming album on the Coachella stage? It would certainly be apt to launch his new era at home given he’s a California-native. Honourable options: Adele, Lady Gaga, Madonna and Justin Bieber. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West seen out for first time in weeks after Kim Kardashian rants and ‘cancelling Coachella’ MORE : Kanye West ‘pulls out of Coachella festival’ just days before headline performances Kanye reemerged in Beverly Hills over the weekend following claims he was taking time out (Pictures: Backgrid) Kanye West has stepped back into the public eye amid reports he has pulled out of his Coachella performance.  The Gold Digger rapper has been keeping a low profile in recent weeks since… In "Metro" Kanye West has reportedly pulled out of Coachella (Picture: AP) Kanye West has ‘pulled out of Coachella’, it has been claimed. The Praise God rapper was due to perform across both weekends of the California festival, taking to the stage at the Empire Polo Ground on April 17 and April… In "Metro" American rapper, Kanye West has pulled out of Coachella, meaning that he would no longer be headlining the music festival as earlier planned. According to TMZ, sources connected to West said he’s decided to pull the plug on his performance at the event which is set to hold from Friday,… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!