 With attacks now more likely to be a ‘when’ not ‘if’, it’s all the more important for companies to recognise World Backup Day on 31 March. Online backup s can help companies working in increasingly digital ways to protect their data – including against losing it all to a ransomware attack. In early 2021, Interpol reported that South Africa was the country most heavily affected by targeted ransomware in Africa. Today, the cloud is becoming one of the most convenient platforms for backups due to its numerous advantages. Check Point Software Technologies points out that backing up data in the cloud can result in: “Technological progress has led more and more companies to start using new technologies to increase their productivity or to facilitate their daily tasks. Their use has led to the massive collection of data and the need to have a place to store it securely has arisen. “With cloud backup, company data and applications are protected by a server in a remote location. “In this way, companies can have the capacity to save and preserve, at the same time, the data of their own corporation and that of their clients from anywhere, avoiding the loss of this data in the event of any technological failure or cyber-attack”, says Pankaj Bhula, Regional Director for Africa at Check Point Software Technologies. The post If a Company Manages its Work Online, Why Not Back it up Online? 5 Benefits of Online Backup appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Brian Spanswick Contributor Share on Twitter Brian Spanswick is the chief information security officer (CISO) and head of IT at Cohesity. If there’s one thing that recent earnings reports from Microsoft, Google and Amazon made clear, it’s that their cloud businesses are booming. While the shift to the cloud is… In "Business" Mid-sized financial services organisations worldwide spent more than $2 million on average recovering from a ransomware attack in 2020, according to the latest Sophos survey. The State of Ransomware Financial Services 2021 shows that the amount in 2020 surpasses the global average of $1.85 million. However, the financial services sector… In "Business" Babatunde (Tunde) Abagun, an experienced cloud professional is the channel sales manager for West, East, and Central African region for global software giant Nutanix. He has worked with clients to facilitate many of the digital transformation and IT infrastructure modernisation projects run by Africa’s top organisations. In this interview with… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!