Love Island’s Sharon Gaffka has spoken out about having a breast cancer scare at the same time her mother was battling the disease. The reality star, 26, opened up about finding a painful lump in her armpit at the age of 19 in order to raise awareness for others to check their own bodies. Sharon says it was important for her to speak about it publicly after watching her mum battle cancer and not realising at the time that breast cancer can occur in the armpit or near the collarbone as well as in the breast area. She told The Sun: ‘For me it was really important to raise awareness because if I didn’t know what to look for, and I didn’t know what was abnormal or normal for me, then had it been something more sinister than it ended up being, I could have been in a lot of trouble because I couldn’t spot the signs early.’ The former civil servant added that she feels there is still a ‘stigma’ around checking your breasts which she hopes to help dispel. Describing how she found her own lump, Sharon explained: ‘I remember feeling discomfort in my right breast between my breast and my underarm. I didn’t know that that was a potential spot. ‘People automatically assume that breast cancer is literally in breast tissue, as opposed to like maybe in your collarbones, or in your underarms. ‘I basically had a solid lump of tissue, and it was really painful, even just to move around in general life.’  Malin Andersson splits from boyfriend weeks after birth of baby girl   Molly-Mae Hague opens up on ‘painful sex’ with Tommy Fury after endometriosis surgery   Molly-Mae Hague and boyfriend Tommy Fury start ‘new chapter’ as they secure dream house  It came about as her mum was finishing treatment and that spurred her on to get herself checked where they found it was normal tissue, similar to a scar, which she was feeling. Sharon has had a history of cancer in her family, with three out of four of her grandparents experiencing it, as well as fancy members dying of the disease, meaning she was more aware of the dangers.  ‘It’s about looking and feeling regularly so any changes can be spotted quickly,’ she said. ‘The sooner breast cancer is diagnosed, the more effective treatment may be. ‘Whatever your age, being aware of all the signs and symptoms of breast cancer is crucial – it’s not just a lump to look out for. Other changes could be a nipple becoming inverted or a change in texture of the skin. ‘While most symptoms won’t mean breast cancer, if you notice anything unusual for you get it checked out by your GP. ‘Anyone with questions can call Breast Cancer Care’s nurses free on 0808 800 6000 or visit breastcancercare.org.uk.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s India Reynolds calls for age diversity ahead of upcoming series after feeling ‘like a granny’ MORE : Bafta TV Awards 2022 nominations: Biggest snubs, from Line of Duty to Love Island, Olivia Colman and It’s A Sin’s Keeley Hawes Love Island's Sharon Gaffka reflected on how she found a "really painful" lump near her underarm just as her mother was finishing treatment for cancer In "Entertainment" Bella-Boo seemed to sense her owner Karena Kirk-Drain was suffering from cancer (Picture: SWNS) A dog owner has credited her dog with saving her life after the Yorkshire Terrier jumped on her chest — which alerted her to a cancerous lump. Karena Kirk-Drain, 53, says she wouldn’t be alive if… In "Metro" International actress, Victoria Ekanoye, who is originally from Nigeria has revealed she has been diagnosed with breast cancer just months after welcoming her first child. The soap actress, 39, spoke to OK! Magazine about the heartbreaking news, as she revealed she discovered a lump in her breast while feeding Theo,… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!