Phil Thompson admits that there are plenty of nerves floating around Anfield at the moment over Mohamed Salah’s future, with the Reds legend worried about how the team would manage without him. Salah’s current contract expires next year and he is yet to sign a new deal as Liverpool have not met his wage demands, thought to be at least £400,000-a-week. Reports on Sunday suggest that Salah has eased his demands and that a deal is close, but until pen is put to paper then Thompson and others at Liverpool will be very concerned about the Egyptian. Salah is the top-scorer in the Premier League this season with 20 goals, also providing 10 assists, and Thompson is unsure how he could be replaced were he to leave. ‘I think we are all nervous, and I think we are all sitting there nervous,’ Thompson told the Liverpool Echo. ‘The fella scores that many goals for us, he performs to a high level and he doesn’t miss many games, which is massive. ‘People forget about that. The fella never gets injured. So, to lose somebody like that would be a massive blow.  FA Cup winner to be awarded Champions League spot – but only if they are a ‘big club’   Liverpool agree compensation fee with Celtic for highly-rated teenager Ben Doak   Man Utd told they are ‘carrying’ star who could get into Liverpool’s starting XI  ‘The longer it goes with him not signing, I think we will all be worried. But we all have to have trust, I think, in the club to do whatever is right and whatever it takes to get him to sign. ‘And I would think that they are working behind [the scenes on] it. But I can’t say that it will be alright. It will be great. The longer it goes and we saw with Gini Wijnaldum how much he said he loved the club and how he tried to sort things out. ‘So it does worry me and I’m just hoping that the way the club is run, the recruitment and doing the contracts in the past, that they come up with a solution.’ MORE : Mohamed Salah on brink of signing new Liverpool deal after backing down over £500,000-a-week wage demands MORE : Arsenal legend Ian Wright explains why he wants Liverpool to win the Premier League title For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Mohamed Salah wants to stay at Liverpool (Photo by John Powell/Liverpool FC via Getty Images) Liverpool star Mohamed Salah has told team-mates his preference is to sign a new deal at Anfield, despite an ongoing stalemate in negotiations with the club over extending his contract. The Egyptian is seeking a… In "Metro" Ian Rush believes that Mohamed Salah has taken his game to the next level this season and says the ‘Egyptian King’ would “love to stay at Liverpool”. Salah has blasted nine goals in all competitions this season as he looks to add a third Premier League Golden Boot to his collection.… In "Sports" Liverpool striker Mo Salah is understood to be chasing a mammoth £500,000-a-week contract to extend his time at Anfield.  The Egypt star has been at Liverpool for four years, but his current deal is set to expire in 2023. Now the Daily Mirror claim the prolific 29-year-old is demanding an eye-watering… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!