 Xavi Hernandez has spoken out over the wellbeing of wide-man Ousmane Dembele, on the back of Barcelona’s meeting with Eintracht Frankfurt. French international Dembele was introduced just beyond the hour mark this evening, as the Blaugrana kicked their European campaign back into gear with a trip to the southwest of Germany. And the 24-year-old, of course in the midst of what many would argue has been his finest spell of form since making the move to the Camp Nou in 2017, went on to impress once more across his half hour of playing time. Fears surrounding Dembele’s fitness, however, quickly spread across the Barcelona fanbase post-match. This came after the former Borussia Dortmund man was spotted in conversation with the club’s doctor in making his way from the field of play. Speaking to the media on the back of the action coming to a close at the Deutsche Bank Park, Xavi was therefore inevitably asked for an update on his in-form attacker’s situation. And, in news which will no doubt come as music to the ears of the Blaugrana faithful, the club’s boss went on to assure that there is ‘nothing with Ousmane’: Xavi asked if Dembele picked up a knock tonight: “Not that I know of. Only one is Pique. Let me speak with the doctor, but in principle nothing with Ousmane” — Samuel Marsden (@samuelmarsden) April 7, 2022  It has since been revealed that Dembele’s discussion with Dr. Pruna came owing to the Frenchman being called for a random post-game doping test. Turning attentions towards the outcome of proceedings in Germany tonight, when all was said and done, a Barcelona outfit fresh off the back of eight wins from nine across all competitions were forced to make do with a share of the spoils. It was hosts Eintracht who opened the scoring early in the 2nd-half, when youngster Ansgar Knauff lashed home a wonderful effort from the edge of the area: ANSGAR KNAUFF WHAT A STRIKE!! 🤯 The ball drops to the winger on the edge of the box and he absolutely blasts it into the top corner 💥 A stunner against Barcelona! 🤩#UEL pic.twitter.com/y3t5CAx4an — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) April 7, 2022  Barca, though, assured that it remains all to play for ahead of next week’s return leg in Catalunya, when a gorgeous exchange of passes between Ferran Torres and Frenkie de Jong allowed the former to slot home a crucial equaliser 25 minutes from time: What a sublime Barcelona goal 😍 Ferran Torres applies the finish but Frenkie de Jong, take a bow for that assist!#UEL pic.twitter.com/WIYap1dCqE — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) April 7, 2022    The Barcelona faithful have emerged in their droves on Sunday evening, to send a collective message to the club, and Ousmane Dembele. Xavi Hernadez’s troops were of course back in action a short time ago. On the back of an impressive recent upturn in form, the Blaugrana welcomed Athletic… In "Sports" The home support in attendance at Barcelona’s meeting with SSC Napoli on Thursday were not at all shy in making their feelings regarding Ousmane Dembele known, following the contract rebel wide-man’s 2nd-half introduction to proceedings. Wide-man Dembele has of course seen his name take its place front and centre… In "Sports" The Barcelona faithful have emerged in force on Sunday evening, to send a collective message to the club over the absence of Ousmane Dembele. The name of Blaurgana wide-man Dembele has of course found itself front and centre in the headlines once more over the course of the week… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!