AJ Styles was eyeing up WWE dream matches long before he made the jump at the 2016 Royal Rumble. The Phenomenal One – who is poised to battle Hall of Famer Edge on night two of WrestleMania 38 – made his name as part of TNA Wrestling and enjoyed a highly successful spell in Japan, but there was always part of him wanting to lock up with some huge names in Vince McMahon’s promotion. Reflecting on his backstage pushes for matches with the likes of Triple H in the past, he exclusively told Metro.co.uk: ‘I never thought Id get the opportunity to work with these guys. ‘It’s a blessing for me to have gotten to work with Undertaker. I wanted to work Triple H. I wanted to work Shawn Michaels. ‘I’m jealous of the guys that had the opportunity that I didn’t. But it wasn’t meant to be – but Edge is gonna happen at WrestleMania.’ He insisted any performer in any promotion will always be looking at talent in rival companies and thinking about the possibility for in-ring magic with fresh opponents. ‘Anybody who’s ever been in the business – whether it be in TNA, Ring of Honor or AEW – everybody looks at the other roster and goes, “Man I’d have a great match with them,”‘ he added. ‘Everybody does it, and I’m sure guys did it in WWE too. If you’re a performer who enjoys performing, you do that.’ For AJ, there was definite pride in being able to come to WWE and stay true to himself as a performer – and he was glad McMahon was on the same page when he signed him.  Luke Skywalker body double from The Mandalorian had no idea he’d be replaced in Boba Fett   WWE WrestleMania 38 night one results, grades: Stone Cold Steve Austin wins final match   WWE WrestleMania 38 Night One preview: UK start time, matches, live stream and more  ‘I literally changed nothing about who I was and what I did. When I knew – Vince was like, “This is what I want”, I was like, “Great! That’s who I wanted to be!” ‘It made things easier. Japan, the ring’s the same size, it’s just cables instead of ropes. Nothing really – it seems like everything that I did previously before WWE prepared me for this, to get to WWE and try to be successful.’ WrestleMania 38 continues on April 3 at 1am on the WWE Network. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE WrestleMania 38 Night Two preview: UK start time, matches, live stream and more MORE : WWE WrestleMania 38 night one results, grades: Stone Cold Steve Austin wins final match after wild comeback brawl Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!