 He said the move was “for national security reasons.” Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova told the state-owned news agency TASS that there would be a response from Moscow to the expulsions, without giving details. Also Tuesday, Danish Foreign Minister Jeppe Kofod tweeted: “Denmark will expel 15 Russian intelligence officers working at the Russian embassy in Copenhagen. They pose a threat to our national security. It’s in our mutual interests to maintain diplomatic ties, but we will not accept Russian espionage on Danish soil.” Swedish Foreign Minister Ann Linde announced at a press briefing Tuesday that the country would also expel three Russian diplomats, because “they have not acted in accordance with the Vienna Convention and conducted illegal intelligence activities in Sweden.” Linde did not rule out more diplomats being sent back to Moscow, but said such a decision would have to be examined in light of Sweden’s interests in keeping diplomats in Russia. Italy, Denmark and Sweden are the latest European countries to expel Russian diplomats. On Monday, the German government made a similar move and sent 40 diplomats back to Moscow, while France kicked out 35 diplomats, saying that their activities were “against our national interests.” On Tuesday, France’s EU Minister Clément Beaune said that the expulsions “were already discussed and looked at” in consultation with other countries including Germany, but that it was “not only directly related to [the atrocities committed by Russian troops in] Bucha.” Beaune added that “in some territories, there are people presented as diplomats who were, or could be, threatening our essential interests.” Lithuania, meanwhile, expelled on Monday Russia’s ambassador to Vilnius and recalled its top envoy to Moscow, while Latvian Foreign Minister Edgars Rinkēvičs announced that his country will “tighten diplomatic relations with the Russian Federation,” but that details will be published “once internal procedures have been completed.” Giorgio Leali and Victor Jack contributed reporting. Belgium has decided to expel 21 Russian diplomats for their involvement in espionage and activities threatening the country’s security, Foreign Affairs Minister Sophie Wilmès announced on Tuesday. Speaking before the Belgian parliament, Wilmès said the officials have 15 days to leave the country. Belgian state security and the intelligence service… In "Politics" Denmark Flag     Denmark said Tuesday it is expelling 15 Russian “intelligence officers” registered as diplomats in the country following similar moves by a number of EU countries, including Germany and France. The Russian citizens concerned will have 14 days to leave the country, the foreign ministry said in… In "Slider 2" Russia moved on Wednesday, March 23, 2022, to expel a number of American diplomats from Moscow, in the latest round of tit-for-tat maneuvers amid intense hostility over Ukraine. Last month Washington announced it had expelled 12 Russian diplomats at the United Nations for spying. Russian media reported on Wednesday, March 23, 2022,… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!