Joe Cole believes there could already be huge problems arising when it comes to transfers if Erik ten Hag takes over from Ralf Rangnick. Reports on Wednesday night emerged suggesting Manchester United are set to finalise the appointment of the Dutchman who is ready to leave Ajax at the end of the season. He looks to have seen off competition from PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino and he’ll be the man replacing interim boss Rangnick in the summer with the German moving into a consutlancy role at Old Trafford. However, Cole believes the two managers have contrasting styles of play and if Rangnick is involved in transfers this summer his ideal plans of player recruitment may differ completely to Ten Hag. ‘You need time, you won’t get it. You need patience from the fans, you won’t get it,’ the former Chelsea star said on BT Sport. ‘We look at Ralf Rangnick, go backwards three months when he came in and we talk about this great pressing team, they play this type of football. ‘And then what does Ten Hag’s team play? They play slow, methodical build up football so you’ve already flip-flapped from what he was. ‘That doesn’t seem like a match made in heaven. ‘Ralf Rangnick, if he steps upstairs his natural inkling will be to get types of players that are aggressive, physical, on the front foot, pressing… and Ten Hag might want, I’m not saying Jorginho, but like a Jorginho, a build-up technician player. ‘For me the problems… unless they sort out what’s going on around Ten Hag, the structure is just going to be another manager that comes in and another manager that fails at Man United.  Erik ten Hag will urge Man Utd to sign Premier League midfielder if he takes charge   Manchester United board have two doubts about Erik ten Hag after interviewing Ajax boss   Peter Schmeichel, Jamie Carragher and Thierry Henry predict Champions League winner  ‘Unless that structure around him is in place and the fans are on board, the players are on board.’ Early reports already suggest Ten Hag has a list of transfers he could target if he gets the Old Trafford job with Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves top of his list. While United fans eagerly await an announcement on Ten Hag, Rangnick’s focus for now remains on ensuring they qualify for the Champions League next season. The Red Devils sit seventh in the Premier League table, three points adrift of fourth-placed Tottenham. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo hits back at ‘jealous’ Wayne Rooney over Manchester United criticism MORE : Man Utd set to finalise Erik ten Hag appointment as club chiefs finally reach agreement For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!