Thomas Tuchel admits he made a tactical ‘mistake’ by allowing Andreas Christensen to be exposed by Vinicius Junior in Chelsea’s Champions League defeat to Real Madrid on Wednesday evening. Tuchel admits Chelsea’s Champions League hopes are all but over after Carlo Ancelotti’s side ran out 3-1 winners at Stamford Bridge. Two brilliant headers from Karim Benzema gave Madrid a two-goal lead after 24 minutes, while Chelsea were struggling to get to grips with Vinicius on Madrid’s left flank. Kai Havertz pulled a goal back for Chelsea before Tuchel replaced Christensen and N’Golo Kante at half time after two poor performances. A mix-up between Edouard Mendy and Antonio Rudiger shortly after the restart then allowed Benzema to complete his hat-trick. When asked about his decision to play Christensen against Vinicius in the first half before instructing Reece James to play deeper in the second half, Tuchel replied: ‘Yeah, it’s my mistake. ‘We changed the formation and wanted to turn things around because I think personally there was enough where we could hurt them. ‘But we were so far off our level in everything what the game demands, tactically, individually, in shape, in stiffness, in challenges that we tried to play in a new formation and then killed the game off with a big mistake after three minutes [in the second half].’ Asked if Christensen and Kante were at fault in the first half, Tuchel replied: ‘No, it was a tactical change. ‘It’s like always, it’s never on one player, it’s never on two players, it’s on all of us, I’m included in this. ‘Like I said, individually we lost shape and sharpness and obviously since the international break we don’t look the same.  Peter Schmeichel, Jamie Carragher and Thierry Henry predict Champions League winner   Michael Owen predicts Jurgen Klopp will drop key star for pivotal clash against Man City   Benfica fan throws stick at Luis Diaz during Liverpool’s celebrations  ‘I don’t really have an explanation because before we had a long winning streak and were very competitive, the first half by far was not good enough. ‘If we have the same talk we had five days ago we will still talk about the same defensive performance. But since five days it’s been seven goals conceded, I don’t know, we did not change anything, not in the approach, the line-ups, the system, so I don’t think there is a deeper reason for it. ‘It’s alarming because it’s two games and seven goals, but nothing has changed.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!