Rio Ferdinand believes Joao Felix wouldn’t have enjoyed Diego Simeone’s tactical approach in Atletico Madrid’s 1-0 defeat to Manchester City in the Champions League on Tuesday evening. Atletico failed to register a shot on goal in the first leg at the Etihad Stadium, while Kevin De Bruyne’s second-half goal sealed the victory for Pep Guardiola’s side. Felix looked bright when on the ball but Atletico barely threatened City’s goal, while Simeone has faced criticism over his side’s defensive approach. Ferdinand was impressed with Felix’s display but feels Simeone’s tactics are stifling Atletico’s £113 million signing. ‘Imagine if he plays in the team who give him in the ball in the final third,’ Ferdinand told BT Sport. ‘He’s getting the ball on the halfway line, it’s the furthest place forward, and he’s still got to run 50, 60 yards and eight players to beat. Asked if Felix would have enjoyed any part of the game, Ferdinand replied: ‘The final whistle. ‘I can’t imagine he sits there and enjoys playing the way he’s asked to play. ‘I respect the way Simeone plays because he’s brought success to that club, unrivalled from the times before him. ‘But for a player like Joao Felix, he can’t be sitting there on the plane home going, ‘they got the best out of me, they continually get the best out of me as a player’. He won’t be saying that.’  Patrick Vieira and Wilfried Zaha reveal Crystal Palace game plan to beat Arsenal   ‘Absolutely shocking’ – Lee Dixon slams three Arsenal stars after Crystal Palace defeat   Glenn Hoddle warns Chelsea that £50m star could make them look ‘stupid’  Meanwhile, Owen Hargreaves believes Felix needs to leave in order to thrive in a more attacking team. ‘I think you watch him and go, ‘he gets into the Liverpool team, he gets into the City team, or the Chelsea team’. He’s upside is that good,’ said Hargreaves. ‘Rodri came here [to City] and played in this defensive Atletico side and now he’s playing in an important team. He [Felix] will get a chance to play in a top team, because he’s that good.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Phil Foden and Kevin de Bruyne combined as Manchester City secured a 1-0 first-leg advantage in their Champions League last 16 tie with Atletico Madrid. There was a debate over whether Atletico would abandon their usual style of defending deep and avoid City dominating and eventually cracking the code. However,… In "Slider 1" Manchester United’s English defender Harry Maguire (C) looks to play a pass during the UEFA Champions League round of 16 second leg football match between Manchester United and Atletico Madrid at Old Trafford stadium in Manchester, north west England on March 15, 2022.Paul ELLIS / AFP   Atletico Madrid drove… In "Slider 2" Anthiny Elanga scored with his first touch to level for Manchester United at Atletico Madrid (Picture: Getty) Rio Ferdinand praised Anthony Elanga’s fearlessness and ‘honesty’ following Manchester United’s 1-1 draw with Atletico Madrid, saying the youngster is clearly ‘desperate’ to be a first-team regular at the club. Joao Felix broke… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!