The completed acquisition of MainOne augments Equinix’s long-term strategy to become a leading African carrier-neutral digital infrastructure company by being able to bring a full range of transformative technologies and connectivity to Nigeria, Ghana and Cote d’Ivoire. This acquisition will extend Platform Equinix into West Africa, giving organizations based inside and outside of Africa access to global and regional markets. Nigeria has both the largest population and the largest economy of any country in Africa, with approximately 142 million active internet subscribers. Home to new innovative digital ecosystems in fintech and content and digital media, it has great opportunity for expansion of digital services. Equinix believes MainOne, headquartered in Lagos, to be one of the most exciting technology businesses to emerge from Africa, and Lagos is rapidly becoming a key connectivity hub for the wider West Africa region. Founded by Funke Opeke in 2010, the company has enabled connectivity for the business community of Nigeria and now has digital infrastructure assets, including three operational data centers, with an additional facility in Lagos expected to open in April 2022. Fast Facts MainOne’s assets include: Closure of the MainOne acquisition marks the latest in a series of strategic acquisitions for the world’s  digital  infrastructure  company.  Following  the announcement  of  intent  to  acquire MainOne in December 2021, Equinix recently announced expansions in South America with its  intended  acquisition  of  three  Entel  data  centers  to  accelerate  digital  transformation opportunities for local businesses and multinational companies. Both acquisitions followed announcements to acquire 13 Bell data centers in Canada and two highly interconnected data centers in Mumbai through the acquisition of GPX India in October 2020 and September 2021, respectively. The post Equinix Enters Africa, Closing the US$320 Million Acquisition of MainOne appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. American digital infrastructure company, Equinix, has announced that it is acquiring MainOne, a West African data centre and connectivity solutions provider with a presence in Nigeria, Ghana and the Ivory Coast at the rate of $320million (N131.6billion).The acquisition is to be finalised close the first quarter of 2022, subject to… In "Breaking News" A file photo of Funke Opeke, MainOne’s Founder and CEO.   A US digital infrastructure company, Equinix on Monday announced its expansion into Africa through its intended acquisition of MainOne, a leading West African data center and connectivity solutions provider, with a presence in Nigeria, Ghana, and Côte d’Ivoire. The… In "Breaking News" Despite government regulations and crackdowns, Nigeria’s tech sector has seen enormous gains in 2021. More than $2.9 billion has been raised by African tech startups, with Nigerian startups accounting for about 60% of the total. Following Stripe’s $200 million acquisition of Paystack in 2020, we’ve witnessed a slew of acquisitions… In "Tech News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!