Gary Neville says Ralf Rangnick’s decision to bench Marcus Rashford for tonight’s clash is a low point for the Manchester United striker. The Red Devils take on Leicester at Old Trafford this evening in a must-win match to boost their chances of finishing in the top four but Rangnick was dealt a blow with Cristiano Ronaldo ruled out with illness. With Edinson Cavani and Mason Greenwood also unavailable and Rashford coming into the match off the back of a two-week break after being dropped from England’s squad, Neville admits it will be tough for the 24-year-old to take. ‘It is the same players that played against Manchester City where we saw Pogba and Fernandes up front in that 4-2-22’ he said. ‘It is a staggering situation. Two things really, one that Manchester United start off the season with Cavani, Greenwood, Rashford, Martial and Ronaldo and they end up with no centre-forward against Manchester City and Leicester. ‘And the fact that one of those centre-forwards is on the bench, Marcus Rashford. ‘We talked about Harry Maguire before in terms of obviously coming off a bit of a tough period, but Marcus Rashford is having a massive low. ‘To not be in that United team today is saying something.  Tim Sherwood claims Leeds star would walk into Man Utd and Arsenal’s team   Ajax star Sebastien Haller sends warning to Erik ten Hag over Man Utd dressing room   Jaap Stam names three players Man Utd must build team around next season  ‘To play without a centre-forward at home against Leicester when he’s had a couple of weeks break as well is a big decision by Ralf Rangnick.’ Rashford has endured a frustrating season by his standards, netting just five goals in all competitions. His struggle for game time and consistency with his performance has even led to suggestions he could leave in the summer with Arsenal among potential suitors. MORE : Ralf Rangnick explains Cristiano Ronaldo absence following late Man Utd doctor visit MORE : Martin Keown tells Man Utd they are ‘carrying’ star who could get into Liverpool’s starting XI For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Neville was not impressed with the substitutes (Picture: Sky Sports/Getty) Gary Neville has slammed Marcus Rashford and Jesse Lingard following their unimpressive cameos off the bench in the defeat to Manchester City. Despite Manchester United being without Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani for the derby, Rashford was named among the… In "Metro" Ralf Rangnick sprung a surprise with his team selection at the Etihad on Sunday (Picture: Getty Images) Gary Neville described Ralf Rangick’s team selection and set-up was a ‘tactical show off’ in Manchester United’s 4-1 defeat to Manchester City, but believed things got even worse when he gave up on… In "Metro" Ronaldo missed Sunday’s derby defeat to Man City (Picture: Getty) Ralf Rangnick insists there are no issues with Cristiano Ronaldo and expects the Portuguese star to be available for Manchester United’s clash with Tottenham on Saturday. Ronaldo missed last Sunday’s derby defeat to Manchester City due to a hip problem,… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!