 Information reaching 9news Nigeria shows that the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) has on Saturday put an end to sit-at-home directive in southeast Nigeria. It was gathered that the group made the decision today, saying the development is to embrace peace negotiations organized by the Anambra government. According to report made available by News Agency of Nigeria; 9news Nigeria learnt that the outcome of the meeting was disclosed by the Chairman of Anambra Traditional Rulers Council, Igwe Nnaemeka Achebe. Achebe, during a one-day peacebuilding and security meeting held in Awka on Saturday, said that the stakeholders have continually held meetings on the way forward to lasting resolutions of the impasse with the agitators. The Igwe of Onitsha (HRH) added that after its meeting with the group on Friday, April 1, it was agreed that a call to release the IPOB leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, would be a step to dousing the tension in the state. He said that after the meeting, the group placed a call to all its members to sheathe their swords, put down their guns and go the way of dialogue. “We call on all who had taken the way of gun to put down their guns and take up the olive leaf from the government to better themselves,” Achebe said. He said that the state government has set Monday, April 4, for prayers aimed at seeking God’s face to restore lasting peace in Anambra and South East as a whole. NAN quoted Achebe as indicating that it was agreed that on Monday, April 4, all churches in Igboland and South East will join in prayers to seek God’s forgiveness and to restore peace in the area. “Igboland has lost so much in the economic and social development of the zone and we are tired of the situation and want peace,” the traditional ruler said.According to him, “It is agreed that on Sunday, April 3, all churches will announce the IPOB decision to their faith to come out on Monday, 11 am to their various churches to offer prayers to God for the restoration of peace and economic development.” However, other speakers at the meeting also spoke in line with the decision. The speakers include Mr. Uche Okafor, Anambra Speaker, who assured that the legislators would partner with the state government to enthrone lasting peace and economic development of the state and the zone. Chief Damin Ogene-Okeke, the National Vice President of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, urged the public to embrace the decision to establish peacebuilding amongst “ourselves and work towards improving security sanity in the state”. He called on the governors of the South East States to represent their people well and speak the minds of the citizens who elected them into office. 9news Nigeria 9News Nigeria The Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) has ended again its sit-at-home directive across the southeast, saying the development is to embrace peace negotiations organised by Anambra. IPOB yielded to the appeal by the Anambra Government and traditional rulers to pave the way for peace since all Igbo stakeholders and religious… In "Slider 1" The Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) has ended again its sit-at-home directive across the southeast, saying the development is to embrace peace negotiations organised by Anambra. IPOB yielded to the appeal by the Anambra Government and traditional rulers to pave the way for peace since all Igbo stakeholders and religious… In "Slider 1" IPOB The Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) has lifted its sit-at-home order in southeast Nigeria, claiming that the move is in response to the Anambra government’s peace talks. Since all Igbo stakeholders and religious leaders have declared their intention to find a lasting solution to insecurity and incessant sit-at-home directives… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!