Liverpool winger Mohamed Salah is on a three-man shortlist of transfer targets for Barcelona, with the Egyptian’s contract up in just 14 months’ time. Spanish publication AS has reported that Barcelona want to make a marquee signing this summer, with Salah the club’s second-choice, behind Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland and ahead of Bayern Munich No. 9 Robert Lewandowski. The Catalan giants have recovered well from a disastrous 2021 where they underwent a Presidential change, lost star man Lionel Messi on a free to Paris Saint-Germain and sacked manager Ronald Koeman after a series of embarrassing results. Thanks to new boss Xavi and January signings Ferran Torres, Adama Traore and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Barcelona look better shaped to take on Europe’s elite next season, evidenced by their current 13-game unbeaten run in La Liga, as well as their 4-0 thrashing of rivals Real Madrid at the Bernabeu last month. This will have made them much more attractive to top players like Salah, whose future at Anfield is in question after the 29-year-old rejected Liverpool’s latest contract extension offer, although it is understood that the winger, who has made 38 goal contributions in 37 games this season, wants to stay in Jurgen Klopp’s side. While Barcelona President Joan Laporta has refused to talk about the possibility of acquiring Salah or Lewandowski, he did discuss the idea of signing 21-year-old Haaland, who has been linked with moves to Real Madrid and Manchester City. But it seems that a deal for the highly-rated Norwegian is nothing more than a dream, with Laporta saying: ‘He would have to express his desire to come to Barca and, for the moment, he hasn’t. ‘Either they adapt to the conditions, or I see it as very far away.’ Thanks to a release clause in his contract Haaland is available for purchase for £63million in the summer, while Salah and Lewandowksi, whose contract also runs out in 2023, could move for nothing next year.  Liverpool agree compensation fee with Celtic for highly-rated teenager Ben Doak   Merson’s Premier League predictions including Liverpool, Chelsea, Man Utd and Arsenal   Jurgen Klopp reveals how Mohamed Salah has reacted to Egypt’s World Cup heartache  MORE : ‘Our hands are tied’ – Thomas Tuchel reacts as Barcelona close in on Chelsea stars Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen MORE : Jurgen Klopp reveals how Mohamed Salah has reacted to Egypt’s World Cup heartache For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!