Russian communications regulator Roskomnadzor said on Tuesday it wanted Wikipedia to remove ‘material with inaccurate information of public interest’ about the situation in Ukraine. The regulator accused Wikipedia of hosting false information on what Russia calls its ‘special operation’ in Ukraine and on the actions of Russia’s military. According to Russian law, the owner of an internet resource that does not delete illegal information when asked to do so by Roskomnadzor can be fined up to 4 million roubles (£36,327.71), the regulator said. Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine on February 24, a move that has been met with fierce Ukrainian resistance and Western sanctions. Most recently, images of civilians lying dead with their hands behind their back, many of whom showed signs of being tortured, raped or burned, were all dismissed by Russia. This Wikipedia article documents the current crisis happening in Ukraine. It is being updated constantly by Wikipedia editors around the world.https://t.co/FlKG8ErBAB — Wikipedia (@Wikipedia) February 24, 2022 However, satellite images showing dead bodies lying in the streets of Bucha appear to debunk Russia’s claim that they were placed there to ‘stage’ the massacre of civilians. Moscow claimed bodies were planted by Ukraine after Russian troops withdrew from the commuter town on March 30. Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said claims of these atrocities was a ‘staged provocation’, but is yet to provide the ’empirical evidence’ he says proves Russia wasn’t responsible. MORE : Satellite images show dead bodies lining streets of Bucha before Russians left MORE : Russia ‘failed’ to take Kyiv and is repositioning troops to ‘conquer’ eastern Ukraine with ‘brutality’, US says Russia’s communications regulator says it blocked Meta Platforms Inc’s Facebook in response to what it said were restrictions of access to Russian media on its platform, more than a week after Moscow invaded its neighbour Ukraine. The regulator, Roskomnadzor, said on Friday, March 4, 2022, there had been 26 cases… In "Slider 2" The United States Government on Thursday accused Moscow of cracking down on the media amid Russia’s war on Ukraine. “At home, the Kremlin is engaged in a full assault on media freedom and the truth, and Moscow’s efforts to mislead and suppress the truth of the brutal invasion are intensifying,”… In "Slider 2" This file photo taken on February 14, 2020 shows the Google logo in Brussels. Kenzo TRIBOUILLARD / AFP   Russian regulators on Friday accused US tech giant Google and its video subsidiary YouTube of “terrorist” activities, the first step towards a possible access ban. Russia has already blocked access to other global… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!