The best football management game out there is free on PC and Xbox and will remain so for the whole weekend. Sports Interactive has announced that Football Manager 2022 is free the whole of this weekend. As of right now, you can download the game at no cost and can enjoy it right up until Monday evening on April 11 – 6pm BST to be specific. If you find yourself hooked and want to keep playing past Monday, the game will also be discounted by 33% for just over a week, until April 21. Normally, it’d be £39.99 but you can buy it then for £26.79. The deal isn’t specific to any one store and you can download it via Steam or the Epic Games Store. You can get the PC version via the Xbox store as well, although if you’re more of a console player, there’s a dedicated version titled Football Manager 2022 Xbox Edition. It’s only available to Xbox Live Gold subscribers, however, and isn’t available for as long. It’s free weekend ends on April 11 at 8:59am BST for some reason, but it is slightly cheaper at £20.09 (originally £29.99). You’ll obviously need an account for whichever store you wish to download the game from. Once you’re logged in, you should see an option that says Get For Free or Play For Free where the option to buy it would normally be. Sports Interactive made the announcement on its website and on Twitter. It apparently had some issues getting the offer working for the Epic Games Store, but they should be resolved by now.  Fans think there’s a secret GTA 6 teaser in the Definitive Edition of San Andreas   Games Inbox: Why I’m getting an Xbox Series X instead of PS5   The House Of The Dead: Remake review – the original zombie shooter  In case you’re wondering, no, the free offer doesn’t apply to the mobile versions or the Nintendo Switch versions of the game. Why Sports Interactive has chosen this week to make the game free isn’t clear but it’s not the first time it’s done something like this and there’ll probably be similar promotions later in the year. Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter. MORE : Football Manager to add women’s football, just not this year MORE : FIFA is best-selling video game franchise ever in the UK – GTA is only fourth MORE : FIFA games will definitely be renamed as EA Sports FC claims insider Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. How long until PlayStation owners get a free Battlefield 2042 weekend? (pic: EA) EA really wants people to be playing Battlefield 2042 because it’s offering another free weekend, although only on Xbox. Less than a month after the last free weekend, Battlefield 2042 is once again completely free to play,… In "Metro" Elden Ring – is it broken on PC? (pic: Bandai Namco) The Thursday Inbox thinks Xbox Series X may already be at Xbox 360 levels of popularity, as a reader asks for an Impossible Mission remake. To join in with the discussions yourself email gamecentral@metro.co.uk Bug huntAs one of apparently… In "Metro" Best console ever? (pic: Sony) The Friday Inbox discusses how much the PS4 should cost when it is re-released, as a reader tries to imagine the PlayStation Game Pass. To join in with the discussions yourself email gamecentral@metro.co.uk Top StationLike everyone I was surprised to hear the news that Sony… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!