 This is following a report by Nairametrics that the platform alongside others is tying down investors’ capital and stopping them from reaping the returns on their investments. According to the mail received by investors of the company, an organization (Rehoboth Chambers) will now take over as Debt Manager, Mediator and Communication Managers for the time being between FarmKonnect and its esteemed clients. It added that the company will stop all profit accrual models and work towards refunding of all investments, within the shortest time possible whilst also noting that the CEO will not be available on mobile phone and emails for the next 3 months on health reasons. Responding to this, investors have expressed different reactions to the development, especially as it is coming several months after the company had started delaying. Nairametrics gathered that the business had stopped payment of capital or ROI since around September last year. Speaking on the recent development, some investors told Nairametrics that they find the action of the company rather preposterous as the company is coming out to propose a payment plan that would extend to 2023 after having kept investors waiting for a very long time. According to FarmKonnect, the effect of COVID-19 related constraints around the globe in the last two years had affected businesses and systems in many ways. It said, “With the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other Force Majeure that were suffered in the previous years, the Company has lost lots of funds and time in its operations, which has rendered it impracticable to continue with the business model in the immediate.” Speaking on how regulatory agencies affected the business, it pointed out that the prime regulatory agency, in its effort to protect investors, began to take actions toward regulation of the investments in the industry. “The Company, in its response to the intent of the agencies, quickly withdrew from all activities in the similitude of crowdfunding, while restructuring AgRE to ensure that it is not in any way mistaken for crowdfunding. “During this period, the Company geared its effort towards rating and capital market entry, and paid less attention to investment-based finance and AgRE and notified its client base and the regulatory bodies. This led to a major cut in its cash inflow, but was not envisaged as big threat as the Company was working towards the capital market entry.” Also on how the force majeure affected business, it pointed out that the Company experienced 3 Force Majeure, the most popular of them was the wind incidence of Egbeja Snail Village. It said, “On 17 March 2021, the Facility was hit by winds, leading to loss in excess of 350 Million Naira. The total insurance received was 109 Million Naira, after adjustments. According to undocumented comments from the insurance consultant and company, the disparity was grossly due to exchange rates and other factors. “It may be interesting to learn that the location of the Farm was previously accessed by the franchising company prior to commencement of the project. It is also expedient to note that the project never encountered such winds in its previous 3 years. The other challenges were related to travel restrictions and logistical challenges that delayed the transportation of acquired assets from China, with up to 6 months, therefore grossly disrupting the Company’s operations.” The post Investors react as FarmKonnect addresses delayed return on investment appeared first on Nairametrics. Crowdfunding has become an increasingly popular way for companies to raise capital, and investors are taking notice. Groundfloor, the first real estate crowdfunding platform to gain regulatory approval, announced today that it raised its first round of institutional capital since 2015. Brian Dally, a former mobile network exec, and Nick… In "Business" When starting a business and sourcing much-needed funding, it will be naïve to think that any investment into your business may have come because of perhaps your good looks, excellent presentation or even proposed business profitability numbers. Seriously, and without mincing words, most investors, if not all in certain cases,… In "Tech News" MyCredit Investments Ltd, trading as FairMoney, has been assigned investment grade issuer ratings by Global Credit Rating (GCR). FairMoney Nigeria, a digital bank, obtained investment-grade ratings, BBB (NG) Long Term, and A3 (NG) Short Term with a stable outlook from the South Africa-based credit rating services company. The assigned ratings… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!