 This was disclosed by Mr Babatunde Irukera, the Executive Vice Chairman of FCCPC in a document signed on behalf of the Joint Regulatory Task Force (JRTF) addressing ‘loan sharks’ in Abuja on Monday. According to the News Agency of Nigeria, the FCCPC boss revealed that a few of the lending operators under investigation, with frozen accounts, approached the Commission and expressed the desire to cooperate with the FCCPC. Irukera stated that the Commission would also hold employees, collaborators or agents of money lenders accountable in line with extant laws in the event of any conduct violation. He stated that as a condition to acceptance into the cooperation framework, some of the moneylenders have been required to desist from contacting, including by text messages, people on contact lists/third parties of borrowers or defaulters. ”They are also required to discontinue further abusive, coercive and inappropriate language in communication with loan defaulters or borrowers. ”To also provide a mechanism for transparency regarding loan repayment fees, default or late payment charges as well as interest calculation to the Commission. ”The mechanism must include an open, accessible and responsive feedback and dispute resolution framework that complies with fair lending and loan recovery principles. ”The Commission reserves the prerogative to proceed in any manner consistent with prevailing law including but not limited to criminal prosecution of any digital money lender, its employees, collaborators or agents, whose conduct is in violation of extant law,” he added. The Commission also commended consumers for diligent cooperation in providing vital and meaningful information that had so far assisted the Commission’s investigations. The post FCCPC to proceed with criminal prosecution of online money lenders appeared first on Nairametrics. The Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC) says it will proceed to institute criminal prosecution against any digital money lender whose conduct is in violation of extant laws. Mr Babatunde Irukera, the Executive Vice Chairman of the FCCPC, said this in a document signed on behalf of the Joint Regulatory Task Force… In "Slider 1" The Federal Competition Consumer Protection Commission (FCCPC), in collaboration with the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA); Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), and the Nigerian Police Force (NPF), on Friday, raided some alleged illegal financial institutions. Among the online lenders affected include; GoCash, Okash, EasyCredit, Kashkash,… In "Tech News" The Muhammadu Buhari-led government has shut down some illegal financial institutions operating in some parts of Lagos State. Naija News reports that the illegal financial institutions were shut down following customers’ complaints of malpractices and invasion of privacy. In a chat with reporters on Friday, the Chief Executive Officer, Federal… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!