Today is all about finding the balance in relationships and making moves on your dreams. Before you get distracted by the whirs of the weekend, do what you have to do. Taurus, now is not the time to push that person too far. It’s time to take a breath and go with the flow, Libra. Don’t let the haters tell you what to do Aquarius, it’s time to stick to your guns. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, April 7, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 If you’re fired up about an idea then it could be hard work to get it off the ground. Yet you might welcome this if the result is something you’ve been hoping for and dreaming about for some time. If you start to overthink this, your resolve might well melt away – don’t let this happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Try talking someone out of a decision and they may dig their heels in. The harder you push, the more stubborn they’ll be. Don’t go there, as doing so could make things tense rather than constructive. Instead, try to turn any conversations to your advantage. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A part of you is ready to explore new ideas yet the current line-up suggests you could be getting in your own way. Just as you’re about to take a leap of faith, the old programs may test your resolve. If a wonderful chance is on the horizon, be prepared to push through any discomfort and go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Thoughts of how you might get someone to change their mind could take up a lot of bandwidth. Much as you may want to resolve an issue, you are unlikely to get far if you and another are unwilling to cooperate. Still, time is a great healer. What seems so urgent now might appear less so in a few days. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 On the brink of an opportunity you’ve been dreaming about? You may be in the frustrating position of having other commitments that are taking up your time. If you negotiate some leeway or delegate certain tasks, it could give you the toehold you need to go for it and you may enjoy the outcome. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 To get ahead, you need to consider that nothing is written in stone, even if it seems to be just now. The thought of being stuck is just that – a thought – and if you refuse to identify with such thinking and allow your instincts to take over, you can find a way through. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Want something or someone so much you can’t get this desire out of your mind? The more you crave it, the less likelihood there is of being satisfied. Relaxing and going with the flow could be the better option. If you can be happy whether you have it or not then the coming days may be so much easier. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 DYour ideas may seem great to you but to a partner or family member they may not. It could require give and take before anything is agreed. Much as you might want your own way, getting it can be exhausting if no one’s willing to give in. It may be wise to let it rest for now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You may be ready to put a great deal of effort into a task, which is fine as long as you don’t pile too much on your plate. If you’re juggling commitments, things could get stressful. Admit that you don’t have superpowers. There is only so much you can do in a day so be kind to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A desire to save could conflict with an urge to invest in ideas that can be an exciting step forward. There may be so much you want to explore but the cost might be off-putting. Don’t abandon your dreams altogether. If you plan for this then you can make gradual strides forward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Don’t let anyone talk you out of a bold opportunity, as your judgment may be better than theirs. With key influences occurring, it can be only a matter of time before others realise what they have missed. Plus, a yearning for new experiences could fuela desire for change. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Finding it hard to get through to someone? Try not to take it personally. With a frustrating focus lingering on, though, you may become quite impatient. Does this person need some leeway and sympathy? Reaching out to them may seem difficult when you feel like this but it may be the best thing to do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!