 Plateau State Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Hon. Chris Hassan has said the party would comfortably win the 2023 Governorship election in the State as well as the Senate and House of Representatives election. Addressing Newsmen in Jos recently, he said his party the PDP has taken over Langtang North and South Local Government Council of the State. “To us, the APC is dead in Langtang North and South, the people of Plateau State are no longer with the APC if you go to Langtang South now you would discover that almost everyone that matters has decamped to the PDP in the council” “In Langtang South, we keep receiving decamped on a daily basis, about 7 local government councils so far have written to us telling us they want to decamp to our party” “Our recent victory in Jos North/Bassa by-election signified more victories in coming elections for the party in the State” The chairman said the party’s victory has restored hope and energy that the party would take over power in the State in 2023. “It is time to close ranks, upgrade our strategies and ensure we remain very focused and highly committed towards greater achievements” He added that the State under the leadership of the PDP government would ensure the security, welfare and economic prosperity of the people. 9News Nigeria Over 12 thousand members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) led by its immediate past chairman in Plateau State, Latep Dabang have dumped the broom to take shelter under the umbrella of the main opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Also on the list are the former member of the… In "Slider 1" File Photo The Chairman of Plateau State Independent Electoral Commission (PLASIEC), Fabian Ntung has declared all candidates of the All Progressives Congress for 17 chairmanship and 325 councillorship positions as winners of Saturday’s local government elections. File Photo Ntung declared as follows:   1. Alamba Danladi Jock as Chairman Barkin-Ladi… In "Breaking News" The controversy surrounding the chairmanship of Langtang North Local Government Council of Plateau State has continued as Barr. Bitrus Zulfa of the ruling All Progressives Congress on Monday said neither himself nor the Council was a party to the suit and judgment obtained by Hon. Joshua Ubandoma Laven of the… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!