 The enhanced Digital Experience for Communications makes use of Flytxt ’s artificial intelligence and machine learning models developed, trained, and refined using insights from trillions of samples from more than a billion customers. It will improve decision making for CSPs across sales, marketing and care touch points, giving them more precision and personalization when launching products and offers as well as supporting customers. Dr Vinod Vasudevan, CEO, Flytxt, said: “As communication service providers work to monetize traditional offers and new digital services, the focus is shifting towards having the right product portfolio. Unfortunately, many still struggle to align product innovation with business objectives. “The powerful combination of Flytxt’s Analytics and AI solutions and Oracle’s Digital Experience for Communications can help CSPs address these challenges by removing the guess work, ensuring offers and products are priced optimally, targeted to the right segments and, most importantly, aligned with the business’s KPIs.” The addition of AI and Analytics solutions from Flytxt, a member of the Oracle PartnerNetwork, brings new powerful capabilities to Oracle’s Digital Experience for Communications such as product-centric performance insights for CSPs to maximize product lifetime value when designing and launching offers. As a result, CSPs will benefit from better offer performance, channel uptake and campaign mode efficiency. “We know that service providers need to better understand their customers’ unique buying behaviors and preferences so they can quickly launch new products or offers, provide better service, and increase sales,” said Pritham Shetty, Global Vice President of CX Industry Solutions, Oracle. “Digital Experience for Communications provides a comprehensive view into customers to help service providers have the actionable intelligence on hand to offer more personalized experiences. Flytxt’s expertise in Telecom helps our customers increase customer lifetime value with data-driven experiences.” The post Flytxt AI and Analytics Integrated into Oracle’s Digital Experience for Communications appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Nicolas Blixell is the head of Global Customer Unit MTN and Customer Unit MTN Africa at Ericsson Middle East & Africa, a position he has held since June 2018. Prior to this, he served as Head of Customer Unit West Africa at Ericsson Middle East and Africa where he was… In "Business" Optiva Inc., a leader in providing communications service providers (CSPs) worldwide with cloud-native revenue management software on the private and public cloud, has launched Optiva Charging Engine private and public cloud edition. The new release enables operators that are not ready to move to the public cloud to reap its… In "Tech News" Avaya, a global leader in solutions to enhance and simplify communications and collaboration, and Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise, a leading international provider of communications, networking and cloud solutions has announced a strategic partnership that extends the availability of Avaya’s OneCloud CCaaS (Contact Center as a Service) composable solutions to ALE’s global base of… In "Tech News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!