Aljaz Skorjanec gave photographers a thumbs up as he was spotted for the first time since announcing he was quitting Strictly Come Dancing after nine years. The professional dancer, 32, was seen leaving the Central Theatre in Chatham, Kent, with his wife Janette Manrara, 38, on Friday evening after they performed in Remembering The Oscars. The couple were all smiles and Aljaz even gave a thumbs up as they left hand-in-hand, with Janette matching her blue leopard print bag to her husband’s hoody of the same colour and pattern. It’s the first time Aljaz has been spotted since he announced he was leaving the show after nine years of partnering celebrities in the competition. He said in a statement: ‘A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. ‘The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last 9 years. ‘The love and support I got from the team of producers was second to none. Louise Rainbow, Sarah James, Kim Winston, Jack Gledhill are just a few of the unsung heroes behind the success of the show – I am forever grateful to them! ‘Being a part of a group of professionals that inspire and push you to be better every step of the way is humbling and I will carry that inspiration with me forever. ‘Every year the lineup of dancers would change but one thing stayed the same, WE WERE THE BEST!’ The BBC added on Twitter: ‘After nine fabulous years on the show we are so sad to see Aljaž Škorjanec leave #Strictly. Thank you partner for everything.’  Strictly Come Dancing fans demand answer over Anton Du Beke’s return   Strictly Come Dancing professional line-up confirmed with new arrivals after recent exits   Strictly’s Aljaz Skorjanec never ‘acted in an aggressive manner’ on show despite reports  The dancer’s rep had been forced to deny claims Aljaz ‘verbally lashed out at crew’ before announcing he was leaving. They told Metro.co.uk in a statement: ‘Aljaz has the utmost respect for everyone working on the show and it is untrue to say he acted in an aggressive manner at any time.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing professional line-up confirmed with new arrivals after Oti Mabuse and Aljaz Škorjanec exits MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Aljaz Skorjanec never ‘acted in an aggressive manner’ on show despite reports Aljaz shared the news on Monday morning (Picture: Getty) Strictly Come Dancing’s Aljaž Škorjanec was reportedly ‘on the fence’ over his decision to leave the hit series. The 32-year-old professional confirmed his departure on social media on Monday morning and hailed his time on the show as ‘life-changing’. Although Aljaz… In "Metro" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Janette Manrara has recalled the moment she ‘begged’ Strictly Come Dancing producers to let her perform alongside Ed Sheeran with her husband Aljaz Skorjanec. The 38-year-old dancer hung up her dancing shoes… In "Metro" Aljaž is leaving Strictly Come Dancing (Picture: WireImage) Strictly Come Dancing’s Aljaž Škorjanec has confirmed he will be leaving the show after nine years. In a statement, the Slovenian dancer, 32, said: ‘A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last. The show… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!