Uber is looking to be more than just a cab hailing app, with plans to let you book flights, trains and more in the UK this year. The ride-hailing app has announced that UK users will be able to book intercity rail and coach tickets on the app later this summer. By incorporating national rail and coach travel, passengers will be able to use the Uber app to manage their entire travel experience. For example, when booking a weekend break, users will be able to purchase a train or coach ticket and ensure an Uber is there waiting for them at the station to take them to their hotel. This model is similar to travel company Expedia, whose ex-CEO Dara Khosrowshahi now heads Uber. The new version of Uber might have an advantage over other travel companies by offering cab rides from the airport to the hotel, essentially owning the whole process. In addition, Uber is also rolling out nationwide car rentals on the app, just in time for the summer holidays in the UK. ‘Everyone values the freedom to make travel arrangements in a simple and convenient way, which is why we’re excited to become a one-stop shop for all your travel needs,’ said Jamie Heywood, Uber’s Regional General Manager, UK, Northern & Eastern Europe. ‘You have been able to book rides, bikes, boat services and scooters on the Uber app for a number of years, so adding trains and coaches is a natural progression,’ he added. Later this year, Uber will expand its offering by adding flight and cross-channel train tickets into the Uber app. Uber said that rail, coach and airline tickets will be available through a number of partners that are fully integrated into the Uber app. The new service is supposed to provide a ‘seamless door-to-door experience’ so that you can book your flight, train and Uber all on the same app by integrating its software with airlines, inter-city bus and rail operators (include Eurostar Channel Tunnel tips) and car rental companies. With this announcement, the company hopes to become a ‘one-stop shop for door-to-door travel’ in line with the ‘super app’ vision that Khosrowshahi had for the company to be the ‘Amazon of transportation’. MORE : Mum got drunk and ordered £4,500 Uber to Ukraine to go and ‘help’ MORE : Uber announces huge price rise in UK Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!