TW: This article contains mention of miscarriage and baby loss. ‘Emotionally, it was torture,’ Lisa, 35, tells Metro.co.uk. Following an early miscarriage, Lisa’s hormones failed to return to their pre-pregnancy levels for months. ‘I still had all the symptoms like sickness, bloating, no periods, and tiredness,’ she continues. At around five weeks, it was expected that her hormones would return to normal much sooner. ‘I had to attend daily, then weekly blood testing at an early pregnancy unit to check on me,’ she says. ‘It was a constant reminder of what had happened.’ Following a pregnancy loss like Lisa’s, women may be at greater risk of experiencing depression, anxiety, and PTSD. And the mental toll of losing a baby can be further exacerbated by the physical symptoms – that can continue for days, weeks, and even months following a miscarriage. This is something Michelle, who lost a twin pregnancy at 11 weeks, can attest to. ‘I definitely had lots of pregnancy symptoms which carried on after the babies had died, as l had a missed miscarriage, which means the babies died at six weeks but l didn’t start to lose them until 11 weeks,’ she explains. ‘The sickness and sore boobs lasted a couple more weeks and my hormones were all over the place.’ For Michelle, knowing that the babies had died while her body was still behaving as though she was pregnant was ‘incredibly hard’. She says: ‘It was an extremely difficult time.’ While it’s important to note that everybody’s experience of miscarriage is different, there are some common physical symptoms that may occur. When a person falls pregnant, their body will start producing the pregnancy hormone hCG. This is what causes morning sickness in some people, as well as cravings and fatigue. Oestrogen and progesterone levels also increase. ‘When someone miscarries, especially if you have a late miscarriage, then a lot of the symptoms that they experience will be the same as they are if they went to full term and delivered a baby,’ Dr Shazia Malik, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist at The Portland Hospital, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘This is because, as soon as your placenta is delivered, your levels of oestrogen and progesterone will drop exponentially. ‘So they may experience poor sleep flashes, night sweats, feeling hot, and some anxiety and insomnia, which of course can be exacerbated by the emotional fallout of having lost a pregnancy.’ Depending on how far along somebody is when they miscarry, it can take up to six weeks for their hCG levels to drop completely to zero, and around two to three weeks for those symptoms, such as sickness, to go away. If these symptoms last any longer, which is usually out of the ordinary, Malik suggests a trip to the doctors to understand why they are persisting. Some people who miscarry will notice that they still have a bump for weeks following their loss. While some might believe that they are still pregnant, Malik says, that’s extremely unlikely. ‘It’s important to know that the bump isn’t actually your uterus,’ she says. ‘When someone gets pregnant, especially if they’ve had children before, their abdominal muscles are affected by the hormonal changes. ‘So quite often, they’ll notice that they have what looks like a bump even in early pregnancy.’ What this actually is, she says, is lax abdominal muscles. So although it looks like a uterine bump, it’s actually just that your abdominal muscles aren’t as tight. ‘And that could take several weeks, or even months to go back to what it was before you were pregnant,’ says Malik. Another, potentially very distressing symptom of miscarriage, is lactation. This is very rare and usually occurs following a mid to late term miscarriage. Malik explains: ‘This is more common for someone who miscarries after 18 weeks or so. So if someone comes to the hospital at that gestation, they will usually be given medication to stop their breasts from producing milk. ‘Unfortunately, it isn’t always successful, but it’s important that women know that it can happen and that it will settle very quickly.’ If this does happen, Malik recommends wearing a support bra, staying very hydrated, and taking pain relief until symptoms lessen. While the mental toll of miscarriage is often more severe than the physical toll, the two certainly go hand in hand. ‘One of the main emotional impacts is a feeling a failure, for not being able to carry a baby,’ Maria Bailey, a bereavement counsellor and founder of Grief Specialists tells Metro.co.uk. ‘There’s also sadness and loss, and the loss is often around the loss of hopes, dreams and expectations of being a parent as well as the pressure to try again, and the reminders on Mother’s Day and Father’s Day.’ While it’s vital that the emotional fall out of a miscarriage – such as self blame, feelings of failure and other mental health problems – are dealt with as soon as possible, it’s also important to deal with any emotions that are brought up by any lasting physical symptoms. Talk to someone you trust ‘Finding someone you trust, who you can talk to about how you’re feeling and have those feelings acknowledged, is absolutely vital,’ says Bailey. ‘You might have a loss of trust in your own body for future pregnancies or experience a loss of identity as a mother, because of both the emotional loss, but also the actual physical side of it.’ Being able to talk this through with someone, be it a partner, close friend or mental health specialist, is an extremely important step to beginning to heal from these feelings. Remember that the physical symptoms will pass While it’s not always easy, it’s important to remember that the physical symptoms you experience will eventually pass and that you won’t be left with a constant physical reminder of your trauma. However, Bailey notes, the emotional impact of those physical symptoms may not pass as quickly, so it’s important to acknowledge and work through them as best as you can. And I think that those physical symptoms will pass. But the emotional impact of those physical things might not pass as quickly or at all if they’re not acknowledged. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Jessie J pleads with people to stop commenting on her weight after heartbreaking miscarriage: ‘I feel great’ MORE : I can’t believe I was only offered support after my third miscarriage MORE : Myleene Klass shares heartbreak over four miscarriages that left her ‘broken’ and ‘too scared’ to drink water and go to the toilet To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Hollyoaks star Jorgie Porter has recalled the moment she found out she had miscarried quadruplets, in a new interview with fiancé Ollie Piotrowski. The actress appeared on Loose Women on Wednesday to… In "Metro" Jessie J bravely opened up about her miscarriage last year (Picture: Getty) Jessie J has told people to stop commenting on her weight following her heartbreaking miscarriage. The singer, who opened up about losing her baby in November last year, issued a statement on Instagram reading: ‘Stop commenting on people’s… In "Metro" Tori Roloff and Zach Roloff Courtesy of Zach Roloff/Instagram One year after Tori Roloff suffered a miscarriage, the Little People, Big World star is reflecting on her pregnancy loss. See Pregnant Tori Roloff's Baby Bump Album Read article “It’s been exactly one year since we found out we lost our… In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!