Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey has expressed her gratitude after donations have poured in following her husband’s death this week. The Wanted star died peacefully on March 30, surrounded by his family and bandmates, after being diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour in 2020. Just hours after Tom’s death was announced, thousands of pounds had already been donated to a fundraiser set up by Kelsey. Kelsey created the GoFundMe page on Saturday for people to ‘keep Tom’s memory alive forever’ via donations to charitable causes, instead of sending flowers and cards. She included a touching thank you message to those who shared ‘beautiful messages of hope and condolence’ since the singer’s death at age 33, and said the fundraiser aims to ‘take everyone’s incredible love, support and generosity and turn our grief into something positive.’ The page exceeded its £5,000 target within the first 12 hours, with more than £10,000 raised so far. https://www.instagram.com/p/Cb3H1A3qCcH/ Writing on the fundraising page, Kelsey said: ‘I am Kelsey Parker, very proud wife of Tom Parker, probably best known for being one fifth of UK boyband The Wanted, but to those who knew him he was my husband, a Daddy, son, brother and friend. ‘Our hearts are truly broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without him, but one of the biggest sources of comfort over the last two years has been the outpouring of love and support we’ve all received.’ She continued: ‘We can’t thank everyone enough for holding Tom, myself and the children in your thoughts and prayers, for lighting candles and sharing beautiful messages of hope and condolence. ‘We want to take everyone’s incredible love, support and generosity and turn our grief into something positive and to keep Tom’s memory alive forever.’ Kelsey added that ‘all proceeds will eventually go to amazing causes in Tom’s name, to help others in need.’ ‘We simply couldn’t have got through the last two years without the help and support we have received and if we can offer it back to others that would be the best way to honour Tom and make our two children, Aurelia and Bodhi proud.’ She concluded with a poignant statement: ‘If love alone could have saved Tom, he would have lived forever.’ The Glad You Came musician was diagnosed with a tumour in October 2022 and leaves behind two young children. He married Kelsey in 2018 and welcomed their son, Bodhi, in October last year.  Tom Parker’s episode of Pointless to air weeks earlier than planned in tribute   The Wanted star Max George ‘heartbroken beyond words’ after Tom Parker’s death   Tom Parker breaks down in tears recalling brain cancer diagnosis in documentary before death at 33  Their daughter, Aurelia Rose, was born in 2019. Tributes have poured in for the star, with his fellow Wanted singers – Max George, Nathan Sykes, Siva Kansewaran and Jay McGuiness – left ‘heartbroken’ at their loss. Tom’s fundraiser can be found here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted’s Tom Parker’s episode of Pointless leaves viewers sobbing at his bravery as he and Max George win jackpot MORE : The Wanted’s hit song Gold Forever re-enters charts after Tom Parker’s death from brain cancer aged 33 Kelsey paid tribute to her ‘soulmate’ Tom Parker following his death (Picture: PA) Tom Parker’s heartbroken widow Kelsey has shared the pair’s ‘pure and honest’ love, a day after The Wanted singer’s death aged 33. The star died on Wednesday surrounded by his family and his bandmates, 18 months after… In "Metro" The Wanted’s hit song Gold Forever has re-entered the charts (Picture: PA) The Wanted’s hit song Gold Forever has re-entered the charts after Tom Parker’s tragic death from brain cancer. Parker, 33, died on Wednesday (March 30) after battling a stage four glioblastoma brain tumour for almost two years, leaving… In "Metro" Tom Parker died surrounded by his family and bandmates (Picture: Instagram/Rex) The Wanted’s Tom Parker listened to Oasis hit Live Forever as he died at the age of 33. The singer was diagnosed with stage 4 glioblastoma, an inoperable brain tumour, in October 2020, and was given just 12 months… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!