Backstreet Boys star AJ McLean said while he is ‘elated’ that Britney Spears’ conservatorship has ended, it should’ve have happened much sooner. The 44-year-old singer said the arrangement, which prevented Britney from having control over much of her life, including her finances, ‘shackled’ her from enjoying the things she had worked hard for. ‘I am elated for her,’ he told PA news. ‘This has been a long time coming and she deserves to be free. And she deserves to live her own life. ‘She’s a human being. She’s a mother. She deserves to be living the life that she chooses to lead. Nobody should be shackled from living the life that they worked their ass off to have. ‘She earned every single thing that she owns. She did that. No-one else did.’ Following years of protests from her fans and supporters, last November, Britney  was freed from her controversial conservatorship. The end of the conservatorship saw mother-of-two, who is now officially writing a book about the ordeal, regain access to her estimated £45 million estate. AJ added: ‘When I got the news, I was literally in the studio with a buddy of mine and my phone was blowing up and I’m like, “What is going on?’ And when I saw it I was like, “Hell yes. Thank God. Good for her.”‘ ‘It sucks that it took this long and it shouldn’t have. But she has such a great support team. Her fans love her. ‘She has got people like us that are in the industry that have been family and friends for years. And we all supported her. And I’m really, really happy for her.’ AJ, who formed the Backstreet Boys with Nick Carter, Howie Dorough, Kevin Richardson and Brian Littrell, has been for the band’s upcoming DNA world tour. The group has been rehearsing in Las Vegas ahead of the gigs, which were postponed due to the Covid 19 pandemic. He said the band had been ‘reconnecting’ after lockdown.  Britney Spears rejects paying her mum’s £460,000 conservatorship legal fees   Britney Spears swims naked in hotel pool after rolling around topless on beach   Britney Spears says mum Lynne is worse than Crossroads character’s negligent mother  Their upcoming performances include one at London’s O2 Arena on November 6. The DNA World Tour kicks off this week at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas before the band visit Europe in October and November. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : She’s back at last! EastEnders reveals first look at Sam Mitchell’s big return MORE : Katie Price makes brief visit to hospital saying she’s ‘back again’ Britney Spears compared Lynne Spears to the cruel and negligent mum in her film Crossroads (Picture: Rex/Getty Britney Spears is no stranger to calling out her family on social media, and has now taken aim at her mum Lynne Spears. The pop star, 40, was freed from a conservatorship governed… In "Metro" Amanda Bynes’ parents are fully supportive of her ending her conservatorship (Picture: Rex / Getty) Amanda Bynes’ parents are said to have given the actress their full support as she files to end her conservatorship.  The She’s The Man star, 35, is said to have made significant progress in living… In "Metro" Supporters of the FreeBritney movement rally in support of musician Britney Spears for a conservatorship court hearing, outside the Stanley Mosk courthouse in Los Angeles, California on November 12, 2021. PHOTO: Patrick T. FALLON / AFP   A Los Angeles judge on Friday terminated the controversial guardianship that has controlled… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!