 The political appointees under the immediate past administration of Governor Willie Obiano are protesting what they called abandonment in the present administration, 9news Nigeria learnt. The appointees who comprise Special Advisers, Senior Special Assistants and Executive Assistants are unhappy that they have been abandoned by the new administration after they toiled and worked hard to deliver him at the November 6, governorship election. They were protesting in their WhatsApp Forum on Social Media. The appointees said they are unhappy that during the election, they were called to a meeting where Nwa Mgbafor personally made promises to them. One of the appointees stated that Professor Soludo when asked what would be the fate of the appointees if they ensure his victory, promised that he would not only retain them but ensure that they have jobs to do for the government. They lamented that the Secretary to the State Government, Prof. Solo Chukwulobe was always calling and begging them to support Prof. Soludo. They were not even mobilised rather they were told to use their money to work for the party after which they will be appreciated. On the election day, the usually N200,000, N150,0000 and N50,000 the party gives to SSAs, SAs, and EAs respectively were not disbursed. They were asked to use their money since they will be part of the incoming administration of APGA. The appointees are sad that they were dropped immediately after the election. No one has called them for any meeting. They were only paid half their salary for the month of March 2022 and were subsequently sacked from the government. The most annoying aspect of their predicament was asking them to go online and apply if they want to work in this administration. Many of them said they obediently applied but with the way things are going where only provisions for 15 aides were made and submitted to the State Assembly for approval they have no hope of being selected from the 20,000 applicants. They, therefore, issued a threat that except the promise made to them are kept, they will work against APGA in the 2023 general elections. 9news Nigeria 9News Nigeria Some appointees of Governor Dapo Abiodun may not be happy with their principal over his open support for Lagos West Senator, Olamilekan Adeola, who has been making frantic efforts to cross over from Lagos to Ogun West. DAILY POST reliably gathered that many of the appointees from Ogun West are… In "Slider 1" Governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State has revealed why he directed his political appointees seeking elective positions in the forthcoming 2023 general elections to resign. DAILY POST recalls that the governor had on September 15, directed his appointees in the state government who have political ambitions for the 2023 general… In "Slider 1" Samuel Ortom Benue State Governor, Samuel Ortom has revealed that he directed appointees in his government with political ambitions for the 2023 general elections to resign. Recall that at least 14 appointees of the state government, including four commissioners, the governor’s spokesman and his chief of staff tendered their resignation… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!