 Deputy Governor of Plateau State, Prof. Sonni TYODEN wants to succeed Governor Lalong come 2023, as he declared his intention to vie for the governorship seat of the State under the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Tyoden revealed this on Thursday at Kalwa House Jos, when he visited the Plateau All Progressives Congress Advisory Elders Council in Jos. He said “My fellow compatriots, it gives me considerable pleasure to share with you my aspiration to the governor of our dear State in 2023 by the grace of God, I have been the passionate and uncompromising co-driver of Rescue Administration ably led by Rt. Hon. Simon Bako Lalong, the Executive Governor of Plateau State and Chairman, Northern Governors Forum (NGF)” I can proudly declare that the Rescue Administration under the leadership of Rt. Hon. Simon Bako Lalong has redefined governance in the State and this explains the significant progress in the socio-economic and political development recorded in the State. The Deputy Governor said his aspiration is to be partly motivated by the burning desire to sustain and possibly expand the frontiers of the legacies of the Rescue Administration in Plateau, believing strongly that he has a great deal to contribute to the development of Plateau State given his experience in the enterprise of government for nearly seven years now. “It is common knowledge that Plateau State is a microcosm of the larger Nigerian society in the sense that it is characterised by the same social pluralism such as ethnic, religious, cultural and linguistic diversity. Governing a state that is diverse as Plateau State requires one with a good sense of tact, strategic and critical thinking to build robust social cohesion and harmony among diverse social elements as a necessary precondition for sound and effective governance” “This is what the Rescue Administration has successfully done and I hope to improve on it to bring about the seamless unity harmony among the diverse groups in the Sta. Once we have overcome the challenge of unity and integration in Plateau State, the foundation for good governance that will make citizens radiate with happiness and contentment is laid” He further said his over 40 years of o Public service experience y has adequately equipped and prepared him for the arduous task of governing the state. ” Most of my working life has been in the university system where I rose to become the Vice-chancellor of the prestigious University of Jos between 2006-2011. I came on board at a time the university community was polarized along with different tendencies and had nearly crippled the administration of the university, though systematic, critical and strategic thinking, I was able to unite the diverse interests of the university and give every group a sense of inclusion and belonging in the mainstream affairs of the university. With all sense of humility. I can say so far, I have been the most celebrated Vice-chancellor of the university” “I could not have done this alone but I provided strategic leadership towards this end. This same experience can be used to build Plateau State that is socially cohesive, politically stable, economically prosperous and cultural integrated” He said. 9News Nigeria Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!