Cody Rhodes thinks his return to WWE is ‘best for the whole business’. The 36-year-old superstar made a triumphant comeback at the first night of WrestleMania 38 on Saturday as he beat Seth Rollins in his return bout six years after leaving Vince McMahon’s company, leading to a spell which brought All Elite Wrestling (AEW) into existence. He exclusively told Metro.co.uk how he didn’t want to become a ‘gatekeeper’ wrestler after ‘locking’ himself out of AEW’s world championship picture. Reflecting on the next chapter of his career, he said: ‘I didn’t wanna upset fans about that – and they still got p***ed! Sorry! I locked myself out of the main title picture. ‘I told myself I didn’t wanna be a gatekeeper wrestler. I didn’t wanna be, “Oh, new debut, Cody programme”. I didn’t wanna be that. So around that time, I started thinking, “Would it be different?” ‘It would probably be what’s best for the whole business, to do this. And maybe it was, maybe it wasn’t. I think it’s best for everyone to do this, and free up some real estate.’ The American Nightmare admitted he first started feeling a desire to return to WWE in the build-up to the Royal Rumble. ‘What happens around the Rumble, this is gonna sound super marky and that’s fine. I have really good Rumble stats,’ he laughed. ‘I’m one of the only two in that top 10 to not win it. ‘I remember thinking, that’s gonna go away! [Dolph] Ziggler’s still at this, these guys are getting time. It would be really good to go back in a vindicated type way, to be me and try to be the absolute best wrestlers in the world and prove it here.’ Before that point, Cody didn’t think he’d get ‘another shot’ in WWE, given his huge responsibilities in AEW as an executive vice president and leader of the company’s community outreach programme, as well as a wealth of other projects. ‘I didn’t think I’d get another shot at it, in terms of – I was really proud of the run I had in WWE, and in AEW I was executive vice president, head of the community outreach department,’ he explained. ‘I call them kids, some of them would be older than me, but I had people in my direct purview. So I didn’t have time to think about it. We had a show, we had a business to run.’ While things are always moving fast – even now, he has a vintage spirits and bourbons project in the pipeline – there was also the birth of his baby girl Liberty 10 months ago, which gave another layer to things. He added: ‘Everything was moving so fast. As soon as my baby was born, literally the second thing I thought after she was born – other than “She’s so beautiful” – is that I have to make a lot of money. What do I do? I was busy, busy, busy, busy, busy.’  Luke Skywalker body double from The Mandalorian had no idea he’d be replaced in Boba Fett   WWE WrestleMania 38 night one results, grades: Stone Cold Steve Austin wins final match   WWE WrestleMania 38 Night One preview: UK start time, matches, live stream and more  That’s not to say this comeback is rooted in financial goals, as Cody admitted he doesn’t want to work as an executive again, noting it’s the pure root of the wrestling dream that he is reconnecting with. ‘As much as I loved where I was, and I love my job, it’s no one’s dream to be an executive. It’s pretty cool for a minute,’ he said. ‘And then you get blamed for everything. ‘That’s part of it – that’s not your dream. Everyone who wants to be a wrestler, the dream is putting the belt on in their underwear. That’s the dream.’ WWE WrestleMania 38 continues on Sunday night at 1am on the WWE Network. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star AJ Styles feels like he’s making up for lost time with WrestleMania dream match against Edge MORE : WWE WrestleMania 38 Night Two preview: UK start time, matches, live stream and more Fans have been holding out for Cody Rhodes’ return (Picture: WWE/Getty) Drew McIntyre understands why Cody Rhodes might want to return to WWE. The Scottish Warrior – who was released by Vince McMahon’s company in 2014 before getting rehired three years later and becoming one of its top stars –… In "Metro" And that’s the Bottom Line! (Picture: WWE) WWE legend Stone Cold Steve Austin won his comeback match after 19 years in a blockbuster main event at WrestleMania 38. The first night of this weekend’s double header over delivered in a big way, and the Texas Rattlesnake accepted Kevin Owens’ challenge… In "Metro" Bryan (right) had a very unique reaction to Cody’s departure (Picture: AEW) Bryan Danielson has admitted he was actually happy when he heard Cody Rhodes was leaving AEW – but it’s not what you think. The American Dragon – known to WWE fans as Daniel Bryan before leaving in April… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!