Referee Mike Dean has named former Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger as the most intimidating manager he has ever encountered, snubbing Manchester United legend Sir Alex Ferguson. One of the most recognisable officials in football, Dean, who became a Premier League referee in 2000, is set to retire at the end of the season and has been reflecting on the highs and lows of his 37-year career to BBC Sport. When asked who the most daunting manager he had ever faced was, the 53-year-old said: ‘It has to be Arsene when he was at Arsenal. ‘I always found it tough, not refereeing Arsenal in general but refereeing Arsenal when he was the manager. It was just his presence – he wanted the best for Arsenal all the time and if he could get any way of getting one over you, he would do.’ The pair were involved in one of the most memorable moments in Premier League history, when Dean sent Wenger to the stands at Old Trafford, after the Frenchman had kicked a water bottle in frustration, only for the Gunners boss to get lost and end up standing on top of the dugout with his arms raised in confusion. Dean continued: ‘Since he has finished football, I have seen him, and he has been great. Cross the white line and everyone is different, like referees. We are normal people.’ This answer will have surprised some, with United’s long-time manager Ferguson often the go-to answer when it comes to the scariest manager debate, but Dean insists that the Scot’s reputation was exaggerated. ‘He used to get a lot of stick saying he’d come in and bang the door down,’ Dean added. ‘He would come in now and then to express his views if something had gone really badly, but he wasn’t as bad as people made him out to be.’ Dean also spoke of the players who intimidated him the most, singling out former United and Arsenal captains Roy Keane and Patrick Vieira: ‘You had massive, big-personality players, the Keanes, people like that, Vieira – they were all around then.  Wayne Rooney urges Man Utd to get rid of two players this summer   Andy Cole urges Man Utd to spend £150m on midfielder instead of Declan Rice   Wayne Rooney tells Man Utd his pick between Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag  ‘For me to come from the Football League to the Premier League and referee those players… it was just a massive step. I was a bit nervous and a bit scared of making a decision.’ But he was also complimentary of several players, picking out Gunners trio Vieira, Dennis Bergkamp and Thierry Henry as his favourites and naming Manchester City’s title decider against QPR in 2012 as the best game he ever refereed. ‘Bearing in mind what was at stake, I don’t think it will ever happen again – a team winning on goal difference with the last kick of the match,’ Dean said. ‘Unfortunately, it [booking Sergio Aguero for his celebration] had to be done. [If he was already on a yellow card] I’d have totally not done it. I’d have told the bosses, “think of the bigger picture”.’ MORE : Emmanuel Petit reveals he branded Thierry Henry ‘arrogant’ in front of Arsene Wenger MORE : Alex Ferguson’s presence is difficult for Manchester United managers, says Wayne Rooney For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Premier League referee, Mike Dean, has named Arsene Wenger as the most intimidating manager he has officiated. He described Wenger as a “tough presence”, but stressed that legendary Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson was “not that bad” despite his fierce reputation. Dean, 53, was asked who the toughest managers… In "Slider 2" Premier League referee, Mike Dean, has admitted he was “in awe” of some of the “big personality players” in the top flight when he began officiating but eventually overcame his fears. Dean will retire from refereeing at the end of the current season but will move into the Video Assistant… In "Slider 2" Famous and controversial referee Mike Dean is set to hang up his officiating boots come the end of the 2021/22 Premier League season, moving into a full time VAR position for the forseeable future, it was announced on Monday afternoon. BREAKING: Mike Dean will officially retire at the end of… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!