Prince Harry will ‘go after’ Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall in his upcoming memoir, a royal expert has claimed. Former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown, 68, has alleged the Duke of Sussex, 37, ‘can’t stand’ Camilla and does not want her to be Queen. The dad-of-two is said to have received a £15 million advance for his book, set for release this year. Ms Brown told The Sun: ‘Harry’s not going to go after The Queen, she’s sacrosanct. And he probably won’t go after Kate, who he’s very fond of. ‘But he will go after Charles and Camilla and maybe William.’ Charles and Camilla are said to have had an affair while he was married to Harry’s mother Princess Diana. ‘There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded’, Diana famously told BBC’s Panorama. ‘William has accepted Camilla in terms of what she means to his father’, Ms Brown said. ‘He’s been grown up about it. Harry, on the other hand, can’t stand Camilla. He doesn’t want Camilla to be queen.’ The journalist, who became friends with Diana before she died, added that the memoir will have even more impact than the Sussex’s explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey. While speaking to the chat show host, Harry and Meghan alleged an unnamed member of Harry’s family had concerns over what skin colour their son Archie would have. The duchess went on to claim ‘the firm’ had refused to find her help when she began having suicidal thoughts. Meghan also said the Duchess of Cambridge was the one who made her cry in the days leading up to her wedding. Talking to The Telegraph Magazine, Tina said: ‘William was disgusted about Meghan’s attack on Kate because she can’t answer back. ‘But that’s nothing compared to how furious he’s going to be when this book comes out.’ Ms Brown has claimed rumours that Harry and William’s relationship is ‘very bad’ are true. Her book – The Palace Papers: Inside the House of Windsor – is released next week and has interviews with 120 people linked to senior royals. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex live in California with their two children after they stepped down as senior royals. Random House announced Harry was releasing a book in July last year, calling it ‘an intimate and heartfelt memoir from one of the most fascinating and influential global figures of our time’. ‘Prince Harry will share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him’, the publisher said in a statement. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!