Sometimes, new Twitter features can be divisive — we’ve made our feelings clear about the edit button, which is apparently in the works. But we can (hopefully) all agree that simple accessibility features are a good thing. For a while now, Twitter has made it easy to add alt text to image uploads, allowing tweeters to provide a description of an image to aid people who use screen readers or speech-to-text programs. But until now, you haven’t been able to see what images do or do not have alt text if you weren’t using a screen reader yourself — so, for example, if you wanted to make sure that the content that you retweet was accessible to followers who might be Blind or have limited vision, you’d just have to retweet and hope for the best. After a successful test last month, Twitter is rolling out two additions to its alt text feature. Starting today, images with alt text will contain an “ALT” badge in the corner of the image. When you hover over the badge, you’ll see the user-generated image description. As promised, the ALT badge and exposed image descriptions go global today. Over the past month, we fixed bugs and gathered feedback from the limited release group. We’re ready. You’re ready. Let’s describe our images! Here’s how: https://t.co/bkJmhRpZPg https://t.co/ep1ireBJGt — Twitter Accessibility (@TwitterA11y) April 7, 2022  Oftentimes on social media, users who don’t have disabilities aren’t thinking about how their posting habits — even sharing certain meme formats — can adversely affect disabled users’ experience online, or prevent them from joining the conversation. Social media accessibility expert Alexa Heinrich thinks this feature is a step in the right direction because it makes the presence of alt text more apparent, prompting users to learn about the accessibility practice. “One, it makes it more obvious who’s writing alt text and who isn’t. Second, the feature is a great learning tool for anyone who wants to get better at writing alt text because now you can easily see what others are writing,” she tweeted. Twitter says these new features will go live today for all users globally. So, it’s as good a time as ever to learn why and how you should be writing alt text. The red flag meme is a red flag for accessibility  Twitter will finally let you ‘unmention’ yourself in tweets  Starting today, Twitter is rolling out auto-generated captions on videos. This feature will make videos more accessible for Deaf and hard-of-hearing users. Auto captions will be available on web, iOS and Android in over thirty languages, including English, Spanish, Japanese, Arabic, Thai, Chinese, Hindi and many more. The captions could… In "Business" A security vulnerability in one of the biggest consumer-grade spyware operations today is putting at risk the private phone data of about 400,000 people, a number that’s growing daily. The operation, identified by TechCrunch, is run by a small crew of developers in Vietnam but has yet to fix the… In "Business" Sometimes you just want to tweet your reactions to the “Love is Blind” reunion without bothering your 4,333 closest friends, who probably follow you because they work in tech, and not because they care that you think that Shake is the most infuriating reality TV villain of all time. Or… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!