Craig David, Girls Aloud pop star Nicola Roberts and Tom Grennan are among the famous faces featuring in a new NHS mental health campaign reciting lyrics from The Beatles song Help! as it launches. The landmark campaign encourages people struggling with their mental wellbeing to seek support, with some of the stars attached sharing their experiences of doing so. In the video, stars including The Wanted’s Max George, Ella Henderson and songwriter Laura Mvula speak the lyrics to John Lennon’s famous track. The classic song, written by the Beatles superstar in 1964, includes the lyrics ‘Help me if you can, I’m feeling down’ and was donated by Sony Music and Apple Corps for the campaign’s rendition. Since the beginning of the pandemic, 2.3 million people have signed up for talking therapies with the NHS. Girls Aloud musician Roberts revealed that she herself was someone who had ‘benefited hugely’ from talking therapy. The 36-year-old chart-topper explained: ‘I think there is such a taboo around it that people almost feel like they’ve failed or they weren’t strong enough to figure out a situation by themselves. ‘But if you’re feeling like you can’t see the wood for the trees or light at the end of the tunnel, it’s imperative to reach out because you can’t always do it alone. ‘It’s about saying this is what is happening to me, it’s not my fault, but my happiness matters and I’m going to put my hand up and say I need some help.’ ‘I wouldn’t be where I am now without therapy,’ she added. Meanwhile popular singer and DJ David – who received his MBE from Prince Charles in December – admitted that he had ‘struggled with mental health’ at certain points in his life but said it had been ‘so important’ for him to open up and start talking about how he was feeling. The NHS are encouraging those suffering with their mental health to try talking therapies, a confidential service run by fully-trained experts, which can be accessed by self-referral or through your GP. Figures from a new survey of 3,000 people out today showed that over half (54%) of the population were concerned about their mental health last year, with the majority of those choosing not to seek professional help. Mvula added: ‘Through my own personal experience of when I had therapy on the NHS, it did so much for my emotional wellbeing just to know that someone was truly caring for me on a regular basis. ‘It helped me see that things are temporary and however bad and permanent your situation feels, reaching out and sharing with someone you can trust is so important. ‘It’s okay to ask for help – everybody needs it.’ The NHS is boosting its community mental health services by £2.3 billion a year, which will improve access to talking therapies. NHS mental health director Claire Murdoch said: ‘The pandemic has taken a toll on the nation’s mental health, and we know January can be a particularly tough month for many. ‘Over a million people already use NHS talking therapies every year, but we know we can help millions more just by telling them it’s there for them and that is exactly what this campaign is all about. ‘If you are experiencing anxiety, stress, or are feeling low, it’s important you know you are not alone and that it is OK to get help. No-one should suffer in silence.  ‘No exit payments’ for unvaccinated health workers sacked under new plans   When will Covid Plan B restrictions end and what will change?   Are loss of taste and smell symptoms of Omicron?  ‘NHS staff have pulled out all the stops throughout the pandemic to keep mental health care services open, and it’s fantastic to see some of the biggest names in music back our campaign and encourage people to get the support they need.’ The star-studded campaign is backed by charities Mind, Royal College of Psychiatrists and Age UK. If you need help with your mental health, you can refer yourself, or your GP can refer you. Go to nhs.uk/help MORE : Craig David learning to ‘enjoy relationships’ after focusing on career: ‘I’ve just become more playful’ MORE : N-Dubz ‘to reunite in 2022’ with new music by the end of the year Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!