Edinson Cavani has opted to stay at Manchester United until the end of the season, says Ralf Rangnick. The veteran forward has been strongly linked with a move away from the cub this month with Barcelona keen on his services. Cavani, who has scored twice for United this season amid injury problems, is out of contract at the end of the campaign and is free to sign a pre-contract agreement with a foreign club this month. But the 34-year-old assured Rangnick in a meeting on Thursday he will be sticking around until at least the summer to help United’s push for a top four finish. ‘He came into my office and we spoke for almost half an hour — he told me that he will definitely stay until the end of the season,’ Rangnick said. ‘He said this not only because I told him he should stay or has to stay, he did it on his own behalf. ‘He told me I can rely on him to give his very best — and also be a role model for the young players. Even if he’s not playing, he will be trying to be the best possible model for the other players. ‘This is good news. Edi is one of those people — with his vast amount of experience, with his mentality, his work ethic — he could really be perfect for that.’ Cavani will be hoping to add to his tally if given the nod to lead the line in United’s third round FA Cup clash with Aston Villa on Monday night. The Red Devils are looking to bounce back from their 1-0 defeat to Wolves last time out – their first defeat since Rangnick took charge on an interim basis. Performances have been far from convincing since the former RB Leipzig boss came in but he insists the players will continue to buy into his high-pressing style of play.  Mike Phelan told Man Utd to sign teenager now worth over £90million   Manchester United captain Harry Maguire says he ‘could have signed elsewhere’   Brighton set asking price for Arsenal, Man Utd or Liverpool to sign Yves Bissouma  ‘This is the only way we can compete in this league,’ he said. ‘Whenever you watch games – even if it’s not the top teams – they play with intensity, physicality, energy and they sprint. This is what we have to do. ‘The pressure is on. I’m sure the players are aware of that. It’s still about showing up when we play in front of 75,000.’ MORE : FA Cup fourth-round draw in full as Manchester United, Chelsea and Liverpool find out their fate MORE : ‘No heart, passion and courage!’ – Paul Parker slams Manchester United’s ‘relegation standard’ midfield For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news onFacebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!