A group of residents are up in arms – and sat down in chairs – over a parking row in Wales. The drop-off area at Brynmenyn Primary School near Bridgend was closed in December due to health and safety concerns. Since then, parents have been using local streets to park their cars during the school run. Residents of Lon Derw estate say the influx of cars has damaged fences both fences and their vehicles. They also claim an ambulance was once blocked attempting to reach a care home in the area. Now, taking matters into their own hands, they’ve enacted a ‘barricade’ of deck chairs and plastic seats to stop parents from access their streets. The sit in protest takes place in the morning and afternoon during school runs. Resident Jessica Upham, told Wales Online: ‘There’s been near misses with children walking to and from school. ‘People have been parking on our driveways, all the grass has been turned up, they’ve damaged cars, fences, drains have all been lifted. ‘People can’t pass on the pavement with babies and prams. ‘I take my kids [to] school late now so that I haven’t got to walk through all the hassle over the cars. ‘It’s been reported to the council, the ombudsman, the police, the local councillor has been informed.’ Another resident, Nikita Jones, said: ‘My daughter came out yesterday and if it weren’t for me shouting come away from the road she probably would have been hit by a car. ‘I don’t want her to go into school every day with the fear of possibly getting knocked over by people who shouldn’t be parked here anyway.’ But parents say it is impossible to park anywhere else safely. One parent who wished to remain anonymous, said that the area outside the school was too busy and an ‘accident waiting to happen.’ Residents and parents agree on one thing though – that something needs to be done to increase the number of safe parking spots. Bridgend County Borough Council say the drop off area was only closed ‘following an assessment of the drop-off area which revealed that it was not being used as intended1 and councillors are looking into a solution. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!