Naija News understands that the Gambian team had held Cameroonians to draw at halftime. However, a second-half brace from Karl Toko Ekambi ensured Cameroon defeated Gambia to qualify for the AFCON last four. The host nation will now play their semi-final fixture on Thursday. Meanwhile, English Premier League club, Manchester United has been issued a €10,000 fine over match rules violation. Naija News understands that the Union of European Football Associations, UEFA had fined the Red Devils after three fans invaded the Old Trafford pitch during their Champions League match against Young Boys in December. During the match which eventually ended in a tie, three supporters of United invaded the pitch and also managed to evade arrest by security. Naija News recalls that Mason Greenwood put United in the leading role of the game after netting an opener just nine minutes after the start of the game. However, a stunning strike by Fabian Rieder earned the visitor an equalizer shortly before half-time. Ralf Rangnick’s men will now face Atletico Madrid in the round of 16 on February 23. Former United manager, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had also visited the club on Wednesday night to support his daughter. The return of Solskjaer to the club would be the first time after he was sacked as manager in December. The Norwegian returned to the club to watch his daughter, Karna play for Manchester United women’s Under-21s team. Solskjaer’s daughter scored as her father watched them thrash Aston Villa 5-0 at Altrincham’s J Davidson Stadium. Naija News reports that the Manchester United former manager was pictured with Maria Edwards, who also got on the scoresheet during the match. The Manchester United women’s Under-21s team have now progressed to the next round of the WSL Academy Cup. Solskjaer’s daughter has been in a great performance as she has scored 13 goals in 12 matches so far this season. Karna joined the women’s academy at United in 2019 after her father took over the Men’s team in 2018. This article was originally published on Naija News Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!