The next Full Moon is on January 17, known as the Wolf Moon. Full Moons present more opportunity for reflection than action, they bring an insightful, illuminating, contemplative energy to our world and make us pause to think about things we haven’t yet fully clarified or expressed. They bring stuff to the surface, basically. This Full Moon occurs in the Sun sign of Capricorn and therefore sits with the opposing Moon sign of Cancer. These astrological influences combine to bring us deeply personal, illuminating and life-changing revelations that feel intense and larger than life. This is a time to pay attention, ask questions, research, look beneath the surface, get under the skin of things. What you discover could trigger game-changing decisions and epiphanies leading to lasting life change. Ready to hear what you might discover? Let your star sign’s tarotscope give you a clue… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries this Full Moon: Nine of Wands Something you’ve been worried about tackling or addressing will all become clear, and the route through it will be illuminated by new information. It’s not going to be half as difficult as you fear to get past this glitch. New knowledge provides new insight into getting to the root cause. Don’t act until you’ve had this revelation, because it will make the job so much easier. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus this Full Moon: King of Swords You’ve been struggling with an authoritative figure in your life, who perhaps has other ideas about your future or priorities and you keep butting heads. You are slow to rise to conflict, but this is edging you closer! This Full Moon you’ll have a bright idea about why they’re so invested in your progress and this will open up the way to have a dialogue with them that gets them off your back, for good, without it turning into WWIII. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini this Full Moon: Nine of Swords Zoom in on the deepest, darkest fear that you secretly nurse and keep to yourself. Now, write it all down. Ruminate on the root cause and reality of it. And have a heart to heart with someone you trust. They will offer you a point of view that you haven’t considered and it will magically make most of this issue evaporate into thin air. You’ll wish you’d talked it through earlier and not let it get so bottled up inside. Express your fears. Meaning: Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer this Full Moon: Page of Swords Someone has been playing you for a while – blowing hot and cold, organising things and cancelling, being on and then off again. Irritating. Well, this Full Moon you will get to the bottom of what causes their behaviour and it will enable you to get control again and make a choice about whether you want to carry on living with this pattern. You will get the upper hand. Make the right choice. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo this Full Moon: Nine of Coins This Full Moon you discover your authentic and true desires and hopes for your long-term future. You have a vision of where you want to be in five to ten years’ time, and it feels so crisp and clear that you can almost touch it. This clarity provides the motivation and practical steps to start manifesting this as a reality in your life. You feel inspired. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo this Full Moon: King of Cups Your closest relationship has had its ups and downs, and you yearn to know what they truly think and feel. This Full Moon you will have the conversations that lay bare their true desires, needs, hopes and fears, and it deepens the intimacy and loyalty between you both. Be open with them too. Trust them. Share your inner thoughts. This will bond and bind you closer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this Full Moon: Five of Coins You learn more illuminating truths about a past event in your life that created great loss, shame, regret, or sadness. The ‘sticky’ emotions re-surface and you gain a new perspective on things, which helps to heal and alleviate them. This is all part of the process of getting over it. Be vulnerable. Let yourself feel the feelings and come to a new mindset on it all.  Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio this Full Moon: Four of Coins The scales will fall from your eyes this Full Moon and you will see where in life you have fallen into a rut. There is a spot that has become too familiar and stale – it’s holding you back rather than keeping you safe. Seek to spot it and break free of it. Shake up your routines, do things differently, identify something you’ve allowed to bed down too deeply. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius this Full Moon: Judgment It will become clear and obvious where you need make a fresh start in your life, turning the page to write a new chapter while gracefully and properly closing the previous one. This shift is a game changer. It has been a blind spot up to now, but suddenly it’s obvious what you need to do. This is about living more authentically in tune with who you are and what you like doing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius  Your daily horoscope for Friday January 14, 2022   Your daily horoscope for Thursday January 13, 2022   Put away £1,500 by following your horoscope with our 2022 astrological savings challenge  December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn this Full Moon: Three of Swords Sadly, not everyone around us always treats us well and the hard truth of someone’s betrayal or poor treatment of you will surface in all its ugliness. Let them show you who they are. Don’t gloss over this, make excuses, or protect them. See it for what it is, and act accordingly. Perhaps you need to surgically remove this source of pain from your life (at least for a while. Time can heal). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius this Full Moon: Seven of Wands Someone is envious of you, and it’s been this way for a while and has impacted on your relationship. This Full Moon you will suddenly realise who it is, why they feel this way, and what you should do to counteract it. Jealousy is a negative emotion and can create strange behaviours. Look to people whose attitude or treatment of you has changed. Ask questions. Get into a dialogue. You can get past this. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces this Full Moon: Eight of Swords A self-limiting personal belief you hold about yourself will emerge as being false, fading, and negative, and releasing yourself from its grip will empower and liberate you this Full Moon. You’re not who you used to be. You’re not the sum of your actions. You deserve compassion, forgiveness, and love. Show more of this to yourself, and get the ball rolling with deconstructing some shady self beliefs that don’t serve you well. Be kind to yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Which star signs clash the most? These are the ones you should avoid MORE : How to do a love tarot and read your own relationship fortune MORE : What each star sign needs most in a relationship Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!