Well, it’s that time of week again – namely, the start. Ugh. But if you want to start the week right, then you’ve come to the right place. Libra, this is the week for you to start doing those household chores you’ve been putting off. And time to seek advice about that difficult financial decision, Aquarius. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 It’s all change as Mars, your ruler, moves into Capricorn and your sector of goals. Its presence here gives an increased desire to be recognised for your accomplishments and to make headway with key ambitions. Whatever you begin, you’ll be in it for the long game. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If the past few weeks have seemed intense then this may be about to change as fiery Mars moves into your adventure zone. Get ready to let out your wild side. You’ll be keen to seek out new opportunities and might be drawn to anything you have never tried before. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Considering whether to take an opportunity further, especially if it might enhance your reputation? With Mercury rewinding, you may wonder if you’re qualified enough to take it on. Don’t dwell on such thoughts, though, as you could miss out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Warrior Mars strides into Capricorn so you’ll begin to feel confident about your ability to set firm boundaries. Its presence here could encourage you to clear the air if needed and to work cooperatively on achieving mutual goals. You will be less likely to hold back your feelings. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Have enough on your plate? A planetary shift can see you taking on more. Try to be choosy, though. Yet seeing the potential in a goal could fire you up. Even if you don’t have enough time, you’ll find it if it really interests you. This influence may make you a master of strategy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You’ll have a lot of energy for self-expression, creative activities, hobbies and competitive sport. Your love life might also ramp up a notch and this can see things becoming more passionate in a measured way. Yet with Mercury rewinding, it’s wise to watch out for mixed messages. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 This can be the perfect time to declutter and get to grips with those messy hotspots. If housework and DIY tasks are building, this no-nonsense influence could find you eager to get back on track. A spurt of energy may assist you to make short work of even the most arduous job. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 As Mars, your co-ruler, moves into your sector of talk and thought, you’ll connect the dots and find ways to accomplish plans that may have seemed just out of reach. Organising your thoughts will be easier, and so will translating them into action. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Looking to increase your income? As Mars jets into your money zone, you’ll be open to opportunities to boost your earnings, even if it means starting a side hustle. Setting your money targets for the year ahead might well give you extra focus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Dynamic Mars moves into your sign for a six-week stay from today, coinciding with a rise in energy levels. It might arrive wrapped in dreams and imaginative ideas, gathered as it journeyed through a more secluded and ethereal zone. Don’t be surprised if you’re seized with enthusiasm. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A decision about a financial issue may be necessary and it might involve investing in something that makes a positive difference. Still, you could feel uncertain about whether to go ahead, which is why sharing your thoughts with someone you trust can give a helpful perspective. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 While feisty Mars can turn you into a social climber, Mercury’s rewind phase could be a cause of delays. Still, this is very much a time to liaise with others, and to get out and enjoy yourself. You will gravitate towards those who may be helpful to you now or in the future. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!