 Its fishing industry, canning factories and graffitied tenements have long set the city of 40,000 apart from the sun, sea and sangria delights that attract millions of tourists to Portugal’s balmy southern region. Suddenly, however, Olhão is hip. Vacationers are discovering the delights of its offshore islands, quirky architecture and seafood-rich lagoon; holiday rentals are sprucing-up downtown’s labyrinthine lanes; German designers, Italian grocers and British restauranteurs serve a fast-growing expat colony. The number of overnight tourist stays grew over 13-fold from 2009 to 2018. With elections looming on January 30, Portugal’s Prime Minister António Costa will be hoping the changes in Olhão won’t spill over into its politics. The port city is a stronghold of Costa’s Socialist Party (PS), one of a handful of municipalities that have elected Socialist mayors in every city hall election since Portugal turned to democracy in the mid-1970s. In power since 2015, Costa is well ahead in polling nationwide. Support is buoyed by approval of the government’s pandemic response and positive economic figures. But Costa needs the loyalty of Socialist heartlands like Olhão to hold off a resurgent center right and pull together a working majority in an increasingly fractured political landscape. “The most important thing in this election is stability. Whoever wins needs a majority to govern,” said Zé Pinto, 62, outside his store selling wickerwork baskets and other handicrafts in Olhão’s waterfront market hall. “The PS has the best chance of giving us that; we know where we stand with them.” Costa could hardly have put it better himself. In a marathon series of televised debates with eight rival party leaders, he has insisted that only the Socialists can bring stability and prevent a repeat of last autumn’s political crisis, which precipitated the snap election two years ahead of schedule. “The country needs stability over the next four years so it can build on the opportunities for recovery and put the pandemic behind us,” Costa insisted in the final TV debate Monday. “The best solution is a Socialist Party majority … an absolute majority to guarantee four years of stability.” Costa’s big problem is that polls suggest an absolute majority is out of reach, and the PS is short of potential partners to forge a coalition government. POLITICO’s Poll of Polls shows the PS winning with 38 percent, ahead of the center-right Social Democratic Party (PSD) on 30 percent. The arithmetic of converting votes to lawmakers is complicated, but experts believe the PS will need at least 41 percent to secure a majority in the 230-seat Assembleia da República. Without an absolute majority, Costa’s options are limited. He’s loath to forge a “central alliance” with the PSD and has burned bridges with the two parties on the far left that have kept his minority Socialist administrations in power since 2015. In October, the Portuguese Communist Party (PCP) and the Left Bloc ganged up with the right to defeat the government’s 2022 budget, demanding more money for the national health service and a rollback of labor-market liberalization laws. That triggered the early election and opened up a deep rift between the PS and the leftist partiest that are each polling at around 5 percent. “There’s been absolute intransigence on the part of the PS,” said João Ferreira, a PCP member of the European Parliament, who was pushed to the front of the campaign after the party’s leader needed urgent heart treatment. “Over the past year, the PS has opted to work with the right, with the PSD, on many key issues, rather than with the forces on its left,” he told reporters. Costa has hinted the PS could strike a deal with PAN, an animal-rights party battling to match the four seats it won in 2019. That, however, is a red rag for hunting, fishing and bullfighting aficionados. For the right, forming a majority looks even more complicated. PSD leader Rui Rio has crept up in the polls since fending off a leadership challenge in December. But even if he eats away further at Costa’s lead, Rio will struggle to forge a governing alliance on the right. The conservative CDS-People’s Party, a traditional ally, risks failing to win any seats. It’s been squeezed by the growth of two new players: the pro-business Liberal Initiative, whose poll numbers hover around 5 percent, and the far-right Chega, polling on 6-9 percent. Last year, Rio struck a deal with Chega to back a minority PSD government in the Azores islands. But he’s ruling out replicating that at the national level. “The PSD is not willing to make a coalition with the party of the far-right, Chega, this is very clear,” lawmaker Ricardo Baptista Leite, the Social Democrats’ lead candidate in Lisbon, told foreign correspondents last week. “We need to counter these extremist movements with serious, moderate people, like Rui Rio, who are working to solve peoples’ problems.” Chega’s leader André Ventura is not expected to match the almost 12 percent he won in presidential elections a year ago, but the party is expected to more than quadruple its score in the 2019 parliamentary race and could finish in third place, ahead of both far-left parties. In Olhão, small-business owner Feliciano Alves said concerns over corruption and clientelism risk pushing voters to the extremes. He stopped voting for the center right in protest at austerity policies imposed by the last PSD government in the early 2010s. “I accept that they had to balance the books, but they went too far. That was it for me,” Alves said at the entrance of his typography workshop. “I’m not for the far right, or the far left, but if things carry on the way they have been, we’ll end up electing some crazy like in the United States.” That looks unlikely to happen anytime soon. The political center has held in Portugal better than in most European countries, a legacy, in part, of bitter memories of more than four decades of right-wing dictatorship and a chaotic few years of left-wing rule in the aftermath of a 1974 revolution. “I haven’t decided who I’m voting for, but I’m with the center, either the PS or the PSD,” said Ruben, 28, a computer programmer walking through the gritty Bairro dos Pescadores neighborhood which boosted Olhão’s cool status last year when it formed the backdrop of a hit video by fado music star Ana Moura. “It’s important to take care of people and that’s more on the left’s side,” he explained. “But we also need to encourage more investment for the economy.” Although funding and reform of the health service are a central campaign issue, there’s been a wide consensus on the pandemic response and, unlike in many countries, the government has not faced significant protests against COVID measures. Even in the Algarve, where COVID-19’s impact on tourism pushed unemployment to unprecedented levels, there’s understanding for the action taken. “The politicians have done what they can. Of course, we would have always wanted them to do more,” said Maria João Cabrita, who runs a cultural center in a landmark 19th-century palace. “It’s been difficult. With this fear people stayed away, now we need clear guidelines for the way back.” Although the emergence of Chega, PAN and other new parties has given dissatisfied voters an outlet, electoral abstention reached record levels in 2019 when just 48.6 percent cast their ballots. In Olhão, 57 percent stayed at home. “I won’t tell you who I’m voting for, that’s secret, but the most important thing is that everybody votes,” said Jerónimo Graça, 58, selling honey from a stall in Olhão’s redbrick market hall, opened in 1915. “If they don’t, that’s bad for democracy.” Despite record viewing figures for the televised debates — the face-to-face confrontation between Costa and Rio drew 3.3 million viewers in a nation of 10 million — voter indifference remains widespread. “I don’t vote,” said Tatiana, 31, selling hunks of tuna in the fish market. “I don’t know anything about it, and I wouldn’t want to make a bad choice.” Her opinion of António Costa? “I’m sorry, I don’t know who that is.” Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!