A frustrated woman whose garden has flooded 16 times in less than a year believes climate change is largely to blame. Sue Eveleigh, from Whitworth in Lancashire, has endured flooding at her home eight times in January 2021, once each in February and March, three times in May, once in December, and then again this year, causing her worry and sleepless nights. Water from a nearby field flows into her back garden causing temporary flooding, whilst it also runs from a drain at the front of her house into the driveway causing a ‘river’ to run down the road. ‘It has been an inch or two deep round the walls of the house, and it brings mud and stones down with it which collect on the path round the house,’ Sue explained. ‘It has caused me a lot of work, sweeping and shovelling up the mud and stones that have been washed down. She added: ‘I have spent a lot of time trying to get something done about it but so far I don’t feel I have achieved anything.’ Sue believes climate change is ‘largely’ to blame for the flooding, and thinks there should be help for the community to tackle the issue. Lancashire County Council said it was aware of the issue and had advised residents on measures they could take to mitigate the problem. However, it said it prioritised its efforts on improving locations that suffer internal damage caused by flooding. A spokesperson said: ‘We are aware of an issue on Coupland Close where water naturally drains from private agricultural land which is at a higher elevation, causing temporary flooding to people’s gardens. ‘We are sympathetic to residents’ concerns, and have advised them about measures they can take to protect their homes, and minimise the impact should flooding occur, however we are not aware of any reports of this issue having caused internal flooding to residents’ homes. ‘As the lead local flood authority we have to prioritise improvements for locations where there is a record of internal flooding to properties, and we can only do this when a reasonable solution can be identified to mitigate the issue which allows us to access the funding available.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!