Britney Spears has embraced her newfound freedom to post exactly what she wants on Instagram as she celebrated being a ‘free woman’. The singer stripped completely naked – bar a pair of white knee-high socks and a choker – for her latest social media post. Covering her nipple and crotch with emojis, Britney told her followers: ‘Free woman energy has never felt better.’ The Toxic singer turned the comments off on the post, which racked up 750,000 likes in a hour from her fans. Britney’s latest post comes after her landmark win in her conservatorship case, meaning her father Jamie Spears is no longer in charge of her personal and financial decisions. She has used her new freedom to speak out on social media, often also sharing videos of her dancing in her home. Britney also recently revealed that her hiatus from music is a ‘f**k you’ to her family after she was made to work during the 13-year conservatorship. She wrote in a lengthy post in December that she was ‘screaming inside’ when she was told that she couldn’t perform new songs and remixes of her older tracks – but sister Jamie-Lynn was given that access. Britney explained: ‘So much wasted time to only embarrass me and humiliate me and I quess it seems odd to most now why I don’t even do my music anymore… that’s just the surface issues.  It’s Always Sunny star Glenn Howerton charged with four felonies as young adult   Sweet Valley High’s Brittany Daniel has baby using twin sister Cynthia’s egg   Jason Derulo gets into brutal fight in Las Vegas with two men ‘who called him Usher’  ‘People have no idea the awful things that were done to me personally… and after what I’ve been through, I’m scared of people and the business!!!! ‘They really hurt me!!!!!! Not doing my music anymore is my way of saying “F**k You” in a sense when it only actually benefits my family by ignoring my real work… It’s like I’ve subconsciously let them win…’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears ‘unfollows sister Jamie Lynn on Instagram’ after conservatorship drama MORE : Britney Spears’ fiancé Sam Asghari excited for movie role with Mel Gibson after missing out on And Just Like That gig Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!