Alexander Zverev reckons there are probably more players at the Australian Open who have Covid-19 but claims they are not being tested daily. In order to compete at the first Grand Slam of the year players must be fully vaccinated, a rule that forced the government to deport world No.1 Novak Djokovic due to his unvaccinated status. Players have access to daily rapid antigen tests (RATs) but are only subject to mandatory testing for Covid-19 if they’re symptomatic. World No.3 Zverev is concerned about the current protocols in place that has already seen the likes of Bernard Tomic and Ugo Humbert isolate after testing positive. ‘I think this year in Australia is a lot more cases than last year, simple as that,’ said Zverev after his straight-sets second-round win over Australia’s John Millman. ‘And we are allowed to go outside to eat, allowed to do whatever we want, so I think it’s natural that more people get Covid. ‘My brother [Mischa Zverev], when he arrived, he had it. He was in quarantine in Sydney, and now he obviously doesn’t have it anymore, but I think quite a few players had it when they arrived. Quite a few players I think have it now. ‘We are not getting tested, so I think if we would get tested there would be probably more positives than there are now, in a way. ‘I’m somebody, I’m here to play the tournament, and I understand that there is a lot of cases in Melbourne, there is a lot of cases in Australia all around.’  Boris Johnson confirms mask-wearing and Covid passes scrapped by next week   You won’t have to self-isolate even if you’ve got Covid from March 24   Number 10 to hold press conference tonight as Plan B restrictions axed  Tennis Australia are yet to respond to the claims but according to the Sydney Morning Herald, a spokesperson said ‘safe player protocols’ included the provision of daily RATs, easy access to testing clinics for players on-site and at the player hotel. Should a player or member of staff return a positive RAT result they are required to isolate with a PCR test then taken to confirm a positive diagnosis. Players and staff arriving for the Australian tennis summer had a mandatory PCR test on arrival and were required to have a second one between five and seven days later. MORE : How much is the Australian Open 2022 prize money? MORE : Naomi Osaka left shocked by Andy Murray claim as Australian Open star responds For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news onFacebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!