The first week of the new year is nearly done, and you’ve made it. Keep up the momentum and face the rest of 2022 armed with the guidance of your star signs. Time to splash out to boost your wellbeing, Leo. Sagittarius, don’t just accept the values you’ve always held – this year, it’s time to question them. Read on for a full set of guidance and prediction for all star signs. March 21 to April 20 The Moon’s alignment with hazy Neptune can heighten your sensitivity to others’ moods and might firm up your boundaries. The wisdom of why this might be necessary could become clearer the more you think about it. Don’t take anything for granted in the coming days. Stay on the ball. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 This could be a time to listen to those stirrings within you. If you feel you have given priority to the wrong plan or project, then follow a more personal calling. You have unique talents and using them can be the start of a new and dynamic phase. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 There can be benefits to looking beneath the surface rather than taking things for granted. Being willing to understand your own or others’ motives might lead to genuine insights. You’ll realise that something you thought you wanted simply isn’t you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Your thoughts about how a situation might pan out could be different from the reality but this won’t stop you dreaming. You likely have various scenarios running through your mind if you’re going on a trip but it helps to be flexible. Sometimes the path can take more than a few turns. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Have a vision of how you would like to look? It might involve making some healthy adjustments to your daily routine. As well as exercise, you could go one step further and consider a different diet. This may include making a pact with yourself to shop for items that boost wellbeing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Whether you’re hoping to accomplish a goal or resolve a difficulty, you’ll only manage it if you can be consistent. A sporadic approach might not be enough to build momentum. This is the situation you may find yourself and, if so, you might want to question your commitment. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You can hope that someone will take the wisest and best course of actionbut they might not do so. Perhaps the only way they will is if you discuss it with them and help them to see other alternatives. Unless you influence the situation directly, they could do nothing at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You can do all kinds of experiments and try alternatives but unless you make a firm decision, things will stay as they are. If you want to improve your present circumstances, it may be time to look back and consider the many options you have tried. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 This can be a time to question your values, especially those you took on as a child quite innocently. You may feel you’re being held back by outdated beliefs or ideas, and be keen to do something about this. Try to understand where they originated. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 There can be strength in sensitivity so if you find yourself empathising with people, taking on their moods, it may open up new avenues. The coming week or so could bring more of this so you might feel like sharing your own feelings or encouraging friends to talk if they need to. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You might want to get to know someone yet find that the more you do, the more circumstances seem to prevent it happening. Does this mean it’s not meant to be? Relax and you may meet up with them when you least expect it. A coincidence might bring you together. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Go with the flow. But what if a friend seems determined to involve you in their plans? Is this the same thing? Not quite. If you sense they are taking advantage, then going with the flow could mean trusting your instincts and letting them know you have something else to do. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!