We’re nearly there, everyone. The weekend is in sight, and your horoscope is here to help you get there. It’s time to realise that you can’t be everywhere at once, Aries. And get ready for something you’d counted on to backfire, Aquarius – but don’t let it get you down. Keep reading for your horoscope for today, Friday January 14, 2022. March 21 to April 20 Your enthusiasm for your area may find you eager to be a part of some wonderful community schemes. Don’t give yourself too much to do, though. You can’t be everywhere at once and key responsibilities can call out to you too, so focus on the one or two that are most rewarding. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Sidestep complex plans and try to simplify your life as much as you can, as despite your best intentions mistakes could be made. They may not necessarily be down to you but might get in the way of progress. Plus, something might be mislaid when needed most. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A plan may need to be put on the back-burner as communicator Mercury regresses from today. Circumstances can change and you might not have time or find there are too many obstacles to moving ahead. It’s important not to give up altogether, though. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 What purpose do retrograde planets serve? As lively Mercury rewinds from today in a more intense zone, this can be a chance to think about your long-term financial plans in detail and to make key adjustments or find solutions where necessary. It is also a chance to tidy up loose ends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 With Jupiter in a key sector, you may have big plans you hope will get you noticed. If you’re banking on people’s cooperation though, reconsider. With the planet of talk and thought reversing, those who are normally dependable can be less so. If you don’t take charge, it may never happen Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Just when you are eager to get ahead, delays may show up and get in the way. This can be the case as Mercury begins its retro phase in your sector of work and lifestyle. It might be a good idea to check that key files are backed up and that you know where to find any vital documents in a hurry. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 It may seem that a friendship or relationship has gone awry and you might wonder if you’ll hear from this person again. With a chaotic aspect on the go and Mercury going into reverse from today, it would be no surprise if someone close had unexpected issues to deal with. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Matters associated with the home may be temporarily derailed as the planet of talk and thought does its backward dance. If you’re buying or selling, there could be issues with offers being withdrawn or rejected or other obstacles appearing, so be prepared. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As inquisitive Mercury turns retrograde, it does so in your communication sector. And with plenty of serious activity in this zone, you may be ready to set big ideas in motion. Don’t rush, though, as the coming weeks could reveal issues you hadn’t thought about. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 It’s wise to keep receipts and paperwork, and to fill in guarantees so you are covered should something new fail to please or simply not work. This may be a good time to make use of technology to keep your finances under control. An app could be the answer to money muddles. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 With Mercury still in an awkward angle with Uranus and spinning backwards, something you had counted on might backfire. And you could feel this at a personal level as it reverses in your sign. You may have to wait for things to settle down before you try to piece things together. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The need for a retreat may be strong as Mercury turns retrograde in a private zone. You can find that issues from the past bubble up and that you feel an urge to find closure on some of them. Your dreams could be informative too so this might be a good time to start writing them down. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!