 The U.K. prime minister told MPs the government had “got the big things right” in its handling of the pandemic, adding that he would look to bring forward the lifting of regulations requiring those who have tested positive for COVID-19 to isolate, and changing it to advice and guidance. “Our scientists believe it is likely that the Omicron wave has now peaked nationally,” Johnson told MPs, while also cautioning there remain “significant pressures” on the NHS. The so-called Plan B restrictions were brought in last year as case numbers spiraled with the arrival of the more transmissible Omicron variant of the virus. The restrictions will expire next Thursday, January 27, Johnson told MPs. Under the rules, people attending large events had to show a COVID pass proving they had either been fully vaccinated or had a negative PCR or lateral flow test in the previous 48 hours. Face masks will no longer be mandated anywhere, Johnson said, although the government will still suggest masks are worn in enclosed or crowded spaces. The wearing of masks in school classrooms will be dropped from Thursday. The move was signed off on by the prime minister’s Cabinet as he comes under increasing pressure from Conservative MPs over a slew of allegations that parties were held in No. 10 Downing Street while the public were ordered to stay at home during the pandemic. The prime minister faced a huge rebellion of Conservative MPs when he introduced the restrictions before Christmas. The new regulations passed with the help of opposition Labour Party MPs. “It is no accident of history, confronted by the nation’s biggest challenge since the second world war, and the worst pandemic since 1918, any government would get some things wrong, but this government got the big things right,” Johnson said. But NHS leaders have cautioned against lifting curbs too soon. Matthew Taylor, chief executive of the NHS Confederation, said it was “not the time for complacency about this virus” and the decision to lift restrictions was a “trade-off.” “We will have greater freedoms but the cost — at least in the short term — will be that more people are likely to get sick with COVID, and that the health service will continue to have to deal with the extra burdens that this creates.” Want more analysis from POLITICO? POLITICO Pro is our premium intelligence service for professionals. From financial services to trade, technology, cybersecurity and more, Pro delivers real time intelligence, deep insight and breaking scoops you need to keep one step ahead. Email pro@politico.eu to request a complimentary trial. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!