The party in a statement on Wednesday signed by the National Secretary of its Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Sen. John James Akpanudoedehe said the reports on the postponement of its convention is fake news which is sponsored by those who want to cause confusion. Akpanudoedehe added that the APC under the leadership of Governor Mai Mala Buni won’t allow such people to distract it from carrying out its activities. The statement further stated that plans are in the pipeline to organize a rancour-free National Convention urging party members and the general public to disregard any information that doesn’t originate from its official channels. “The general public is advised to completely disregard fake news on the reported suspension of the planned National Convention of the All Progressives Congress (APC) till June, as reported by some media outlets,” the statement reads. “Dates for Party activities such as meetings, Primaries, Congresses, National Conventions are communicated through well-known official channels and not through ‘sources’. “The faceless authors and sponsors of fake news on APC activities, in this case the planned National Convention are simply bent on causing confusion and formenting crisis through misinformation. We should not enable them. “As a focus-driven, process-oriented political party, the APC Caretaker Committee under the leadership of Governor Mai Mala Buni will not be distracted by self-serving antics of these sponsors of fake news. “The APC Caretaker Committee is already embarking on nationwide consultations with Party stakeholders to prepare the ground for a rancour-free National Convention. To this end, the sub-committee on budgeting and other substructures will be set up in due course. “Finally, the Party notes and appreciates the continued support of well-meaning members and leaders as the APC Caretaker Committee undertakes the immediate task of addressing contestations within the Party, litigations, fallouts of recently-conducted Congresses and generally reposition the Party ahead of the National Convention.” This article was originally published on Naija News Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!