We’re three weeks into Veganuary now, so how are you faring? You might have spent the whole of January cooking yummy plant-based recipes from scratch like Dipna Anand’s vegan chana masala. Or you might be struggling to adjust to a meat and dairy free diet. Don’t worry, plenty of restaurants have delicious vegan menus on offer for the whole month and beyond. Here are some of the best vegan meals, deals and delivery boxes you can get  your hands on this January. Irreverent plant-based brand Rebel Vegan is taking over the menus at branches of Giraffe across London. Previously only available via delivery, the pandemic-born company is bringing its delicious dishes, from dreamy burgers to dirty hot dogs, to a wider audience. Try La Habana, a Beyond burger coated in mango habanero and BBQ sauce, or spice up your life with the Moving Mountains Spicy BBQ Dog topped with Carolina Reaper sauce, jalapeños and crushed chilli flakes. Get your sugar rush from Hotel Chocolat, whose alternative to milk chocolate, Nutmilk chocolate, is made with finely milled hazelnuts. You’ll find the taste smooth and mellow. Try Nutmilk ganache truffles, cute vegan bunnies or a vegan choccie selection box. New food company Stocked produces award-winning chef-cooked meals and freezes them into small blocks, giving you control over what you cook and how much you eat, and thus helping you to cut down on waste. Try curried chickpeas, sizzling tempeh or aromatic harissa jackfruit. Choose how many blocks you want, then simply heat and eat. Gorgeous bakery Gail’s has launched a new vegan menu, including a cauliflower sandwich and a variety of plant-based buns. This accompanies vegan items it already produces, such as irresistible chocolate muffins, avocado salsa on toast, and porridge with seasonal fruit compote. Pasta lovers who want to shun meat no longer need avoid ordering that Italian favourite, spaghetti carbonara. Pasta Evangelists have joined forces with award-winning plant-based food producers THIS to recreate their ‘carbonara of dreams’ for Veganuary. It blends a creamy cashew sauce with crispy plant-based lardons. The fresh pasta specialists will also have other vegan dishes on their menus for the rest of January. £11.90 (serves two).  Just because fast food giants have vegan options, it doesn’t mean you should eat them   What is a flexitarian diet?   How to make Dipna Anand’s vegan chana masala  Sri Lankan restaurant Hoppers has created a plant-based meal kit available on delivery service Dishpatch. The Kari Feast box is created around the breadfruit, a popular ingredient in Sri Lanka that is closely related to the jackfruit. This box provides a nice level of heat for those winter months and is full of vegan Hoppers favourites, including aubergine salad, breadfruit kari, veg rolls with tangy ketchup, string hoppers (of course), and a rather tasty mango tapioca pudding. £45 (serves two). Zebra is a new London-based delivery service for vegan products. Stocking a range of brands from around the world, such as plant-based protein ketchup by In The Buff, fitness and lifestyle supplements by Huge Gorilla and even vegan dog food by Dogood, purchases will be delivered by funky, zebra-striped electric vans. Having trouble ditching the dairy during Veganuary? Well, fret not: among the plethora of supermarket vegan launches this month, it’s the cheese aisle that’s cheering us up the most. Aldi, for example, has done an impressive job with its first ever vegan cheese, in the form of a plant-based cheddar made with coconut oil (£1.39, 200g). Meanwhile, Philadelphia is spreading the creamy love with an oats- and almond-based version (£2.50, 150g tub), while Babybel has launched a new plant-based version (£1.50 for 100g pack), its wax case changing colour from red to — you guessed it — forest green. If that isn’t bringing vegan cheese into the mainstream, we don’t know what is. Smile! Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Just because fast food giants have vegan options, it doesn’t mean you should eat them MORE : Hellmann’s is giving away a lifetime supply of vegan mayo MORE : How to eat vegan on a budget Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!