A grim omen hangs over the wedding of lovebirds Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley) and Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) in Emmerdale as unhinged killer Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) remains at large. After Billy dumped her in favour of true love Dawn, Meena was left incandescent with rage and she hatched a plan to kill Billy by luring him to her gas trap barn. Meena was forced to go on the run after she was stopped from killing sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) by Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson). But there is no doubt that she will be back to cause trouble – and she is unlikely to stand by and watch Billy and Dawn have a happy day. So is she set to return and turn the big day into a bloodbath, destroying Billy by murdering his bride? Show boss Jane Hudson revealed: ‘We’ve already seen Billy and Dawn get engaged on screen and I don’t think I’m giving too much away by telling you that their wedding is definitely going to happen this year. ‘It does happen on the most romantic day of the year which is Valentine’s Day, so not too long to wait for their wedding. ‘But will it all go to plan? Is it going to be happy-ever-after for these two or will disaster strike? I suspect it’s probably going to be the latter.’ Somehow, with the spectre of Meena looming large, we reckon Jane isn’t far off the mark. Speaking of Meena’s final chapter in more detail, Jane teased: ‘Judgement Day for Meena is coming. Whether she will get away with murder or not, you’ll have to wait to find out. ‘There are still some more twists and turns to be had and some you won’t see coming but I think we’re all agreed that Meena can do pretty much anything. ‘Judgement day is coming; it won’t play out quite as you expect, and it will have a lasting effect on quite a few of our villagers. I think within the next few months Meena will get what’s coming to her.’ But will she destroy the future of Billy and Dawn first? MORE : Emmerdale fans pay tribute to ‘iconic’ Meena as they demand more MORE : Emmerdale hit with over 150 Ofcom complaints after Meena and Manpreet hostage scenes If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!