Coronation Street’s Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) struggled after his young son Joseph (William Flanagan) went missing, but it seems he’s about to wave goodbye to the cobbles for good in upcoming scenes. The youngster ran away from home earlier this month leaving his family in turmoil. It came after Joseph believed he would get more attention from his father Chesney who’s been busy working to provide for his five children. However, despite recent episodes confirming Joseph’s return, it seems there could be more anguish in store for Chesney after new photos show him and his son at Manchester Airport. In photos obtained by the Daily Star, an emotional looking Chesney is seen hugging Joseph as his grandmother Linda (Jacqueline Leonard) stands by with suitcases in tow. Linda presumably is looking to take her grandson away to Portugal, where she now resides. A source told the publication: ‘These snaps suggest all is not well. It looks like Joseph could be heading off and leaving dad Chesney behind. ‘Fans might want to stock up on tissues.” But as a tearful Chesney struggles with the thought of his son leaving, could he convince him to change his mind? Chatting to Metro.co.uk and other press ahead of 2022, he teased drama for Joseph as well as the return of the former character. The soap boss said: ‘It felt like we were now able to examine what it’s like in that house a bit more – especially if you’re Joseph, a sensitive young lad who’s already got a certain amount of tragedy in his backstory with the death of his mum. ‘Joseph is essentially in the box room while his parents’ attention is lavished entirely on these four little screaming children over there.’ Long-term fans of the ITV soap know Joseph’s mum Katy Armstrong (Georgia May Foote) was killed off-screen in a car accident back in 2017. So the last few years for Joseph have been very difficult, only made worse by the attention the young quads require. Iain added: ‘I must stress that Joseph is not going to turn into a classic tearaway teen. It’s a story that’s got much more vulnerability and sensitivity to it,” he continued. Teasing Linda’s return, he added: ‘It also spins off into a story that will see the reintroduction of a character connected to that household. ‘Which will provide yet another threat to the stability of the residents of number five.’  New Emmerdale video sees Charity destroyed by a devastating death   Emmerdale stars Max Parker and Kris Mochrie announce engagement in adorable snap   Who was the fifth celebrity unmasked on The Masked Singer UK as Poodle is eliminated?  The scenes are set to air on the ITV soap later this year. But will Joseph really end up leaving for good, or will Chesney manage to make everything well again with his son just in time? If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: New video sees Evelyn threaten to kill Bernie over huge Joseph lie MORE : Coronation Street spoilers: Faye confesses as Ted’s murder is exposed? Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!