Warning: Major spoilers for Dexter: New Blood finale ahead. Dexter: New Blood boss Clyde Phillips has teased new episodes of the hit show, after the finale divided fans by killing off its title character. The most recent episode, Sins of the Father, saw Michael C. Hall’s serial killer murdered by his own son Harrison (Jack Alcott) in a move that left some fans furious online. Despite the ending, Phillips has now teased that the show could continue with the focus on Harrison. Speaking about the character and potential new directions the show could take, he told Deadline: ‘Harrison is such a complicated character and he has within him the seeds of the dark passenger. ‘He’s capable. Look at that takedown of Dexter in the end, what’s in Harrison is that he has to kill this man.’ He added: ‘Also, Harrison brings a different perspective to the vigilantism of it all than Dexter did, which was kind of surprising to Dexter. He brings this youthful, optimistic innocence, that he and his dad are basically Batman and Robin. ‘Think of every time we take out one of these bad guys how many lives we’re saving, that this bad person is not going to kill. Dexter never thought of that. Dexter was only taking out bad guys because that was his code.’ Could we see the show return with Harrison in the limelight? Only time will tell. It comes after viewers were gutted that the series had to end with Dexter being killed off, especially after the controversial 2013 finale which saw him fake his own death. Harrison pulled a rifle on his father and blamed him for all that had happened to his mum (Julie Benz) and his Aunt Debra (Jennifer Carpenter) in the emotional final scene.  Dexter fans left devastated again by finale as major character killed off  ‘You deserve better. A better life. A better father,’ Dexter told him during his final moments. Some took to social media to have their opinions heard afterwards, with some wishing the revival never even happened. Dexter: New Blood is available to stream on Showtime. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dexter fans left devastated again by finale as major character killed off: ‘Wish the revival never happened’ MORE : Dexter: New Blood fans praise ‘return to form’ as premiere regains trust after panned season 8 finale Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!