While many are glad to see the back of 2021, someone in Ramsay Street isn’t having a great time in 2022 either. We’ve all seen the trailer; a coffin being solemnly wheeled through Erinsborough with the promise ‘someone will die!’ But who? It’s a grim and grief-stricken start to the New Year for the Neighbours. Two weeks into January and Death Week is upon us! A dangerous storm is brewing over Ramsay Street and it’s not just Roxy’s (Zima Anderson) temper over the disaster that is her impending wedding. She calls it off, but with Kyle’s (Chris Milligan) steely determination to make sure it goes ahead, nothing will stop them from getting married. Even if it costs someone their life. A terrible storm is forecast to hit Erinsborough, but after having overcome so much adversity already, Kyle is ready to forge ahead, despite the warnings. He is desperate to make Roxy his wife and works hard to make the day happen despite Roxy’s announcement she’s done with it all. The day kicks off and everyone looks gorgeous, love and romance are flowing through the air in abundance, and everyone is in high spirits. The vows happen without a hitch – Kyle and Roxy are husband and wife! It’s such a beautiful day that everyone is completely distracted from the violent storm brewing outside. That will prove a fatal mistake. It sinks down over the Lassiter’s complex, swallowing up the flimsy Flamingo bar. The storm gains momentum and there’s a huge lightning strike. In the flash of light, someone’s life is snuffed out.  93 people sign petition to save the Marble Arch Mound   Girl, 16, died taking MDMA after friends took two hours to call ambulance   Top CEOs made more money after four days than most people will make in 2022  In new images, Paul (Stefan Dennis) can be seen bloodied, trapped and unconscious in the rubble from the disaster, as can Leo’s (Tim Kano) lover Britney. Could it be either of these two who lose their lives? A week after the disaster, it’s the day of the memorial for the life lost in the wedding day tragedy. The devastation is palpable as the Tanaka household try to come to terms with their loss. Terese is a mess and on top of every other emotion she’s feeling, her guilt is raging. Unable to cope with what’s happened, she does something drastic. Scenes air from Monday 17th January on Channel 5. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!