   Marketing makes or breaks a company. When I am asked what is the No. 1 thing that I would do to help a company scale massively, it is focusing on marketing. Period. I learned long ago that the best product doesn’t always win. It’s often a “good enough” product paired with killer marketing powered by unique customer insights. As a VC, I have seen this play out time and time again. Many companies get stuck in “feature and functionality” marketing, meaning they miss the opportunity to create durable brands. That happens when you elevate messaging to higher-level needs that solve a pain point for the end consumer and delight them on an emotional level. I’m passionate about helping companies uncover new channels or reinvent old channels in a way that moves the needle. Finding a new way to make established channels such as TV, direct mail and radio generate awareness around a brand can be a huge competitive moat and propel a company to exponential growth. I’m not saying that it’s easy. The job of a marketer gets more complicated with every channel that emerges. Among the latest challenging trend lines: With this downward pressure on the efficiency of marketing dollars, it’s important to listen to customers, stay curious and remain open to wild ideas that have the potential to break through. Over the past year, I’ve had dozens of conversations with leading marketers to ask them what’s actually working for them, and what crazy idea they tried that seemed ridiculous at the time. Help TechCrunch find the best growth marketers for startups. Provide a recommendation in this quick survey and we’ll share the results with everybody. Here are some highlights of what I heard, and what I now share with all of the CEOs and marketing leads at our portfolio companies: “Developers are very quick to sniff out any sort of marketing-speak or BS. They’re looking to get the answer to a problem they have and then move on. How can you get them to the right documentation as quickly as possible? How can you keep them up to speed on the products that are live today, not the ones that will be live two years from now? Your job is to help them get their hands on the code as quickly as possible. Get them direct access to other developers in the community who think the same way and can help solve some of their problems in real-time.” — Sara Varni, former CMO at Twilio. “Early on at Curology, we had a hypothesis that by not charging anything at all for a product trial, it was too easy for people to get it without having any kind of mental commitment. We began experimenting with having people pay the shipping cost, $4.95. [That price] was still a very low barrier for people, but we learned that it dramatically changed the perception of value and the mental commitment in the eyes of our customers. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!