 Britney Spears has been in the news ever since Jamie Lynn Spears’ book Things I Should Have Said came out.  Where she first spoke out in harsh terms via her social media, she has now sent her sister an urgent request through her lawyer not to speak about her further.  Britney is not only angry about the statements in the book, but also about things Jamie Lynn did about her in interviews afterwards.  This reports E!  news.    “We are writing this letter with some doubt because Britney wants to give as little attention as possible to your ill-timed book and the misleading and ridiculous statements you make about her.  Although Britney hasn’t read your book, and has no intention of reading it, she and her millions of fans are shocked that you are so misusing her for financial gain.  She won’t allow this and she doesn’t have to,” said Mathew Rosengart, the singer’s lawyer. He continues: “Everyone knows the suffering inflicted on Britney during her trusteeship, after growing up with an alcoholic and unreliable father in the years before and she was the breadwinner.  In fact, you admit in your book that your father was like that.  Britney will no longer be oppressed, belittled or otherwise bullied after 13 years of giving up her fundamental rights.” Rosengart demands that Jamie Lynn Spears stop mentioning Britney’s name during the promotional tour for the book.  Britney also does not want her sister to tell stories about her in interviews.  In previous interviews, Jamie Lynn spoke out about her older sister’s mental health, among other things.  Britney hit back on her own Instagram account, saying her younger sister wouldn’t have had a career without her.  Jamie Lynn was pampered and seized opportunities she had thanks to her famous sister, while Britney worked hard and was reviled by the tabloid press, the singer said.  Shortly after the end of the curatorship, Britney already said that her sister has not stood up for her enough. Jamie Lynn has not yet responded to Britney’s lawyer’s letter.  Free unlimited access to Showbytes?  Which can!  Log in or create an account and never miss a thing from the stars.  Yes, I want free unlimited access Britney Spears threatens legal action against sister |  show Source link  Britney Spears threatens legal action against sister |  show The post Britney Spears threatens legal action against sister |  show appeared first on Netherlands News Live. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!