 The junior student whose throat was slit for refusing to run an errand, was found lying unconsciously in a pool of blood at the backyard of their hostel. He was rushed to the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital, and admitted to the Intensive Care Unit. Ramadan is said to be in a critical situation. A teacher at the institution decried the attitude of some teachers towards the pupils, adding that it might be because most of the boarding students are from rich and influential backgrounds. He told Daily Trust that indiscipline is rife in the school due to “material things that staff get from parents of students”. The suspect is said to currently be at the Homicide Section of the State Criminal Investigation and Intelligence Department.  Nasiru Mato, an uncle of the victim, said; “From our own findings, one SS2 student known as Fairoz dragged our child behind their dormitory and used razor blade to cut his throat from different angles. “Our son eventually fainted and the culprit ran away, thinking that the child was already dead… We received a distress call from the school management on Wednesday morning on the development and we rushed to Maiduguri Teaching hospital and found our child in a sorry state. At the moment, he is surviving on tracheostomy even as the doctors said it is difficult for him regain his voice after having some of his veins cut. “We demand proper medical attention for the child, the school and law enforcement must also take necessary measures to investigate and prosecute the perpetrator.” Mato also said the family is not satisfied with the way the school management is handling the matter. He added that the school only told them that the culprit is under police custody but refused to speak much about his identity. Another family member who doesn’t want to be named, said the school management has convinced the child’s step father who is their close ally not to take the matter up. Below is the graphic photo of the 11-year-old boy now fighting for his life in the hospital. The post Graphic Photo: Boarding school SS2 student slits throat of 11-yr-old student for refusing to run errands appeared first on Expressive Info. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!