Zendaya has penned an emotional tribute to Ronnie Spector after The Ronettes star died following a battle with cancer. The Spider-Man: No Way Home actress is set to play the legendary singer in an upcoming movie, with the pair sharing a close bond. Posting a string of snaps of the late star, including a cute Polaroid photo of them together, Zendaya wrote: ‘This news just breaks my heart. ‘To speak about her as if she’s not with us feels strange as she is so incredibly full of life. There’s not a time I saw her without her iconic red lips and full teased hair, a true rockstar through and through. ‘Ronnie, being able to know you has been one of the greatest honors of my life. Thank you for sharing your life with me, I could listen to your stories for hours and hours. ‘Thank you for your unmeasured talent, your unwavering love for performing, your strength, resilience and your grace. ‘There is absolutely nothing that could dim the light you cast. I admire you so much and am so grateful for the bond we share. You are a magical force of greatness and the world of music will never be the same. ‘I wish everyone got to experience you the way I did. We celebrate your beautiful life and give you all the flowers you so rightfully deserve. Rest in great power Ronnie. I hope to make you proud.’ Zendaya will play Spector in the upcoming A24 movie Be My Baby, based on the singer’s memoir. The legendary singer, who formed the girl group in 1957, died following a ‘brief battle’ with cancer, with the star’s family sharing a heartfelt statement. They wrote: ‘Our beloved earth angel, Ronnie, peacefully left this world today after a brief battle with cancer. She was with family and in the arms of her husband, Jonathan [Greenfield]. ‘Ronnie lived her life with a twinkle in her eye, a spunky attitude, a wicked sense of humor and a smile on her face. She was filled with love and gratitude. ‘Her joyful sound, playful nature and magical presence will live on in all who knew, heard or saw her. ‘In lieu of flowers, Ronnie requested that donations be made to your local women’s shelter or to the American Indian College Fund. ‘A celebration of Ronnie’s life and music will be announced in the future. ‘The family respectfully asks for privacy at this time.’  Jason Momoa and Lisa Bonet split after five years of marriage: ‘We free each other’   Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly engaged: ‘I said yes…then we drank each other’s blood’   Madonna shares photos of bruised leg after being ‘beaten up by life’  Spector, who was born Veronica Yvette Bennett, first formed The Ronettes in 1957 with her sister Estelle Bennett and their cousin Nedra Talley. She fronted the group, singing the lead vocals on many of their most famous songs, including Baby, I Love You, and Walking In The Rain. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Ronettes star Ronnie Spector dies aged 78 after ‘brief battle’ with cancer MORE : Zendaya meets Spurs star Heung-Min Son with Tom Holland and worlds are officially colliding Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!