The Sun and Mercury are merging today, which might bring some drama to your sleepy Sunday. For Taurus, this could manifest as concern for what others think. But as the Sun has just arrived in Aquarius, it’s your sign it will impact the most. Expect to have your eyes opened. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, Sunday 23, 2022. Read on below for your sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 Are your friends trying to rope you into a fun plan that you feel certain won’t work? You might want to stop and ask yourself why this is. With the Sun and Mercury retrograde aligned, it could be too ambitious for their capabilities. This doesn’t mean that it’s a total no-go, Aries. There are likely some redeeming features, and if you can uncover them, it might soon be all systems go. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Don’t try to hide a mistake you’ve made Taurus. Instead, it’s better to admit to it so you can move on. The Sun’s merger with Mercury retro, might leave you wondering what others will think. Try to avoid this, and just decide to be careful next time. On the plus side, you can learn from this experience, and it will make you stronger. Let it go, and be good to yourself today. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The Sun and clever Mercury merge, which could get a brilliant idea off to a positive start, at least in theory. In practice, input from others can muddy the waters, and make you question the wisdom of going ahead. Don’t listen to them Gemini, make your own inquiries, and you’ll have a much better foundation to work with. You’ll want to be going places, but don’t rush into anything. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Have something you’re keen to start? See to it before dynamic Mars changes signs, as your attention could shift to other matters, and this may be forgotten. If it’s a new habit or routine that would help you be more productive or healthier, just writing down your intention and putting it where you can see it, will get things moving. Going out? An encounter could truly inspire you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 While your job and responsibilities may keep you busy, close ones and good friends might have a more uplifting influence, and can be excellent company. The key though, is to find the right balance. You could end up spending a lot of time completing tasks, meeting deadlines and forgetting about your social needs. Now is your chance to find a way around this that works. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Improving your lifestyle can be worthwhile, especially if you make the decision to take a daily walk or to exercise regularly. And your intentions could strengthen over coming days. Thoughts about wellbeing might encourage you to take more responsibility for getting fit, and perhaps to join a gym or health club. Easy does it though, avoid pushing yourself too hard for now, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If you have something that you’re good at and is easy for you, then consider turning it into a side-hustle. With your sector of creativity emphasized for some while, you could become more skilled at what you do, and others may turn to you for help and advice. Plus, the Sun’s merger with Mercury might inspire you to pick up a hobby that you enjoyed, and see where it takes you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tell yourself that a sticky issue will soon resolve itself, and you’ll automatically take the right actions for this to happen. Your mindset can spur you on to success or be the reason that something falls apart. The answers lie within you Scorpio, and as you also know how to channel your emotions efficiently, combining the two could make you virtually unstoppable today. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 If you feel that you cannot rest until you have resolved a key issue, you could be tempted to put all your effort into doing so. But don’t try too hard Archer, as sometimes this can make things harder. With the Moon making an uncomfortable angle to Uranus, you may become irritated if nothing seems to work out. Yet this frustration could be the catalyst for a positive shift. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 With Mars about to enter your sign, you may realize the potential in an idea or opportunity, and how wonderful it might be if you could take advantage of it. Are too many issues holding you back? Perhaps someone disapproves, and this is causing a delay. Once the fiery planet arrives in Capricorn tomorrow, renewed confidence and courage will help you make a start. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The Sun’s tie with Mercury in your sign, could highlight a blind spot that has prevented you from making as much progress as you would like. This may be linked to a relationship that has stalled or a project that is almost taking off, but not quite. Once you see it, you can’t unsee it, and you’ll be very aware of where you’ve been going wrong. Suddenly, things will look more promising. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 It is perhaps not the best idea to ask for advice, even though you might need assurance or clarity about a certain matter. The Sun’s tie with Mercury retro in an ethereal zone, suggests that what you might get instead is more confusion. It’s a lot wiser to tap into your experience, and make decisions based on what you know. Trust your intuitive wisdom to take you forward, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!