Eddie Hearn has named Robert Guerrero and Maurice Hooker as possible opponents for Conor Benn in April if the Adrien Broner fight cannot be made. Benn enjoyed a superb 2021, scoring superb knockout victories over Samuel Vargas and Chris Algieri either side of a comprehensive points win over Adrian Granados. The Ilford fighter is eager for his next test to come against 32-year-old Broner, a four-weight world champion and one-time protégé of Floyd Mayweather who would serve as a huge scalp on Benn’s record. But if a deal can’t be done in time for Benn’s next outing in spring, his promoter has named 38-year-old Guerrero, a two-weight world champion who has taken Mayweather, Keith Thurman and Danny Garcia the distance, as one option. Former WBO champion Hooker, coming off the back of a defeat of another red-hot welterweight in Vergil Ortiz Jr, is also in the running. ‘He’ll be out in April and we’re just finalising his fight now,’ said Hearn told DAZN. ‘We’d love the [Adrien] Broner fight but we’ll have to see. ‘I like Robert Guerrero, I like Maurice Hooker. I like all these kinds of fights because they give us names with profile and they’re the right tests.’  Tyson Fury sends brutal message to Anthony Joshua and Usyk and reveals unification plan   Anthony Joshua hints Tyson Fury insult disrupted his preparation for Oleksandr Usyk fight   Anthony Joshua filmed working with another new trainer ahead of Oleksandr Usyk rematch  Broner meanwhile is game for a showdown with Benn but is eager to get a tune-up fight under his belt first having fought just once since January 2019. ‘I have spoken to Broner and ideally he wants a fight before he fights Conor because he is on this crusade of seriousness, can you believe?’ Hearn said. ‘He wants to have one last run at it and that means being prepared for the Conor fight. ‘He stressed he is ready to fight Conor Benn but that he would like a warm-up fight in March if possible.’ MORE : The 10 fights we need in 2022 including Tyson Fury vs Anthony Joshua, Canelo Alvarez vs Artur Beterbiev and Terence Crawford vs Errol Spence MORE : ‘One of the brightest young stars in the world’ – Kash Farooq forced to retire from boxing at 26 due to ‘unforeseen circumstances’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news onFacebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!