Welcome to GoldenNewsNg, we have compiled the Latest Npower News for today Tuesday 11th January 2022 to update our Npower audience on the latest happenings around the scheme. So if you are among the NPower beneficiaries, make sure to read this article to the end. 1. NASIMS Resumes Payment Of Npower Batch C 2021 September And October Stipend The National Social Investment Management System (NASIMS) has made it known that it has resumed the payment of the September and October stipend of Npower Batch C Beneficiaries. If you could recall, last week, NASIMS stated that the Npower Batch C October Stipend has been paused to enable them to come up with another method of disbursement that will be more transparent. The issue has finally been resolved and NASIMS has used their official Facebook page to disclose that the long-awaited outstanding September and October stipends that were temporarily on hold due to some challenges have just resumed, all accounts that have been on PROCESS will soon be credited. According to NASIMS “Dear NPower Batch C1 Beneficiaries, PAYMENT OF SEPTEMBER AND OCTOBER STIPEND 2021 RESUMES. “The long-awaited outstanding September and October stipends that were temporarily on hold due to some challenges has just resumed, all accounts that have been on PROCESS will soon be credited. We sincerely appreciate your patience throughout the moment payment has been PROCESSING. Be rest assured all outstanding will be cleared as November and December payments will soon commence.” “Thank you once again for your patience.” 2. Humanitarian minister tasks focal persons on delivering benefits to beneficiaries The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq has urged State Focal Persons on National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) to ensure they implement and deliver benefits to beneficiaries across the country. The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Faroug met with the Focal Persons National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) from the 36 states and the FCT, during the NSIP Strategic Review Meeting 2021 on 6th January 2022, in Abuja and urged State Focal Persons on National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) to ensure they implement and deliver benefits to beneficiaries across the country. At the meeting, FG, States, Stakeholders Review Implementation Of National Social Investment Programmes in 2021 and Assures on lifting 100m out of poverty by 2030 The Npower Programme is one of the key programs of the NSIP and more than a million youth has benefited from the Npower Scheme since 2016. Currently, there are 510000 beneficiaries that are enrolled in the Npower batch C stream 1 and another 400000 will soon be enrolled. 3. Possibility Of Npower Non-graduate To Be Captured In Stream 2 We have been receiving questions lately if Non-graduate will be captured in Stream 2, looking from the latest report stating that 400,000 new Applicants will be enlisted into the Npower batch C stream 2 this year 2022, there is every possibility that new non-graduate applicants may be selected. Nonetheless, the public holiday break ends on Monday 3rd January 2022 and all other activities resumed on the 4th January 2022. As such, we believed that the Npower batch C 1 beneficiaries have resumed duty in order to continue acquiring skills and work experience. If not then we advise that you get ready. That’s all for the Latest NPower News For Today Tuesday 11th January 2022, make sure to share this article and always come back from time to time for more Npower latest news. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!