The Emir of Bauchi, His Royal Highness Rilwan Adamu, made this known on Monday while addressing reporters in his palace. The traditional ruler stated that Dogara was stripped for failing to sympathise with him and the Emir of Dass, Biliyaminu Othman, after they were attacked by gunmen on their way to Mwari for the 21st memorial anniversary of Peter Gonto, on December 31st, 2021. Adamu, who said Dogara’s suspension is with immediate effect, added that the former Speaker didn’t show any sign of remorse towards what happened to him and his colleague. He said: “Dogara did not sympathise nor showed any sign of remorse towards what happened to their Royal Highnesses, the Emirs of Bauchi and Dass. The Emirate Council, therefore, decided to suspend his title of Jakadan Bauchi until the determination of the case by the court.” Dogara represents Dass/Tafawa Balewa/Bogoro Constituency in the House of Representatives and is in his fourth term. Recall that youths from the seven local government areas that make up the Bauchi Emirate had demanded that the Emir of Bauchi strip the former speaker of his title. Meanwhile, the Lagos State Rapid Response Squad on Monday arrested popular members of the National Union of Road Transport Workers (NURTW) in the state, Kunle Poly and Sego. Sego whose real name is Alhaji Mustapha Adekunle is the NURTW Lagos Treasurer while Kunle Poly whose real name is Alhaji Abdulazeez Adekunle Lawal is the Chairman Lagos Island ‘B’ of the group Naija News reports that the duo were arrested by the RSS led by State Commander, CSP Olayinka Egbeyemi. In a statement to newsmen, the police accused the duo of being behind dangerous clashes in Idumota and its environs which has continuously crippled commercial activities in the area. Recall that factions of the NURTW had last Thursday clashed in Idumota which resulted in the loss of two lives and grounding of commercial and vehicular movements. This article was originally published on Naija News Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!