Sally Dynevor will be making her Dancing On Ice debut on Sunday and while we know all about the soap star, who is her famous daughter? The 58-year-old actress, known for her role as Sally Webster on the hit soap Coronation Street, is partnered with veteran pro skater Matt Evers and is hoping to impress viewers with her skating skills. Sally has been on the beloved show since 1986, which has resulted in her being a recognisable face on the small screen. But her daughter has also made her name for herself due to a certain Netflix show, but who is she? Here’s everything you need to know. Sally’s daughter Phoebe Dynevor stars as Daphne Bridgerton on the hit Netflix period drama, Bridgerton. Based on the best-selling novels by Julia Quinn, the series transports us into the world of 19th-century London where the social season is in full swing and young aristocratic women make their best attempts to find a marriage match. Events are made all the more fun when the juicy gossip of the day is reported on by the mysterious Lady Whistledown (voiced by Julie Andrews) in her scandalous society papers. Bridgerton smashed records for the streaming service when it was originally released at Christmas 2020, with over 111m views in just 28 days. The 26-year-old, who was born in Manchester, will be back for season two, which premieres on the streaming platform on March 25, along with her co-stars Jonathan Bailey, Simone Ashley, Nicola Coughlan and Ruth Gemmell. The regency romance stunned viewers with its explicit material, however, Phoebe revealed she wasn’t embarrassed to watch the programme back with her family. ‘Luckily they are in the industry so I guess they probably understand more than most,’ Phoebe told the Mirror. ‘I think they are really proud to see me work so hard on the show’, she added. Phoebe has been in a number of TV shows before she landed her lead role, including Waterloo Road, Prisoners’ Wives, Snatch, and TV Land’s Younger. Phoebe started seeing Saturday Night Live comedian Pete Davidson in February 2021. The pair were often seen on walks together, but their romance was evident after they were pictured kissing and cuddling at Wimbledon in the summer. However, after five months of dating, the couple called it quits due to conflicting work schedules in August last year. A source told The Sun: ‘Their mates think they make a great couple but the distance has made it completely unworkable. ‘They had fun and will remain close but unless something drastic changes their relationship won’t recover.’ Phoebe has not had any high-profile romances in the spotlight since then, although she dated Skins star Sean Teale back in 2017.  Dancing On Ice 2022 star Bez smashes head on ice in nasty fall as helmet goes flying   Dancing on Ice 2022: Will Oti Mabuse return to Strictly Come Dancing?   Dancing on Ice 2022: Everything you need to know about the new series  While Pete on the other hand has been linked to a number of Hollywood stars in the last few including Ariana Grande, Kate Beckinsale, and his current rumoured girlfriend Kim Kardashian. Dancing on Ice returns on Sunday, January 16 at 6:30pm on ITV and Season 1 of Bridgerton is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coronation Street’s Sally Dynevor reveals Dancing On Ice alumni have their own WhatsApp group MORE : Pam & Tommy, Stranger Things, House of the Dragon and more: 23 must-watch shows to look forward to in 2022 Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!