Ashley Cole has hailed Philippe Coutinho’s ‘quality’ and believes the midfielder has nothing left to prove in England ahead of his impending loan move to Aston Villa. Villa confirmed on Friday that they had reached an agreement with Barcelona to take Coutinho, 29, on a temporary basis until the end of the 2021/22 campaign, subject to a medical and work permit. Coutinho is expected to catch a flight from Spain to England in the next 48 hours, with the Brazil international set to reunite with his former Liverpool team-mate and captain, Steven Gerrard, at Villa Park. The Premier League club will be paying less than 50 per cent of Coutinho’s weekly wages and have the option to buy the playmaker outright for a fee of £33million next summer. Coutinho has struggled to live up to his eye-watering £146million million price tag since swapping Anfield for the Camp Nou four years ago and he will be desperate to get his career back on track in the second half of the season. ‘I don’t think he needs to prove anything back in England,’ ex-Chelsea left-back Cole told ITV Sport when asked about Coutinho’s loan. ‘The problem was when he went to Barcelona and maybe that move, at that time, didn’t work out. But him coming back here, he’s got a lot of qualities. ‘Steven Gerrard knows him inside out as a person which is always important when you know the player. ‘Ultimately, when you want to bring him into a new environment, is he going to improve the squad on the pitch and off the pitch? Steven obviously has faith and belief that he can do both sides of that and you can’t doubt his quality.’ Former England international Eni Aluko, meanwhile, said Coutinho’s move proved the pull factor Gerrard had brought to Villa. ‘Steven Gerrard is obviously a great coach, but the power and the pull that he will have with Aston Villa being ambitious is really important as well,’ she said. ‘Philippe Coutinho will say it, I’m sure he had options, but Gerrard being his former team-mate and having success with him as well has got that deal over the line.  Eddie Howe reacts to Newcastle’s shock FA Cup defeat to League One side Cambridge   ITV apologise after Millwall fans aim homophobic abuse at Crystal Palace star Gallagher   ‘Pathetic!’ Alan Shearer slams Newcastle after Cambridge United FA Cup giant-killing  ‘It’s a really great signing for Aston Villa. ‘It’s a loan deal with an option to make it permanent and Philippe Coutinho is one of the best players we’ve seen in the Premier League.’ MORE : Eddie Howe reacts to Newcastle’s shock FA Cup defeat to League One side Cambridge MORE : Philippe Coutinho makes class gesture to Barcelona to secure Aston Villa move as another Premier League side agree buy option Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!