Years and Years singer Olly Alexander confirmed he won’t feature on tonight’s edition of The Graham Norton Show as he continues to isolate with Covid. Olly, 31, broke the news to fans on Friday morning, sharing his frustrations over having to miss out on the performance slot. The singer is double jabbed and boosted but is still testing positive for the virus after contracting it last week, meaning he has to continue isolating. Olly shared on Instagram: ‘Hi honeys. Sadly I won’t be on tonight’s @thegrahamnortonshowofficial. I tested positive for Covid over a week ago. ‘I was hoping I’d test negative and get to end isolation early but alas no. My symptoms thankfully haven’t been bad and I’m a boosted babe so that’s good. ‘I love Graham and singing so it’s a bit sad but I’m almost back to fighting fit woooo I love you all.’ On how he’s been getting through his isolation period, he added: ‘Been watching a lot of TV – all seasons of Dark, And Just Like That… Silent Sea. ‘I played a lot of Two Point Hospital on the [Nintendo] Switch and I even made cauliflower cheese.’ We can’t think of any better way to spend time cooped up indoors. On tonight’s show, Graham will kick off the new year by welcoming double-Oscar-winner Denzel Washington, British actors Martin Freeman and Nina Sosanya, top comic Josh Widdicombe onto the famous red chairs. Instead of Olly, singer-songwriter James Morrison will perform his new single My Love Goes On, before joining Graham for a chat about his new album and upcoming tour. Olly was due to close the show ahead of the release of Years & Years upcoming album Night Call, which is released on January 21. He recently helped lift the mood across the UK when he performed a special New Year’s Eve show with Kylie Minogue on the BBC. Speaking to Metro.co.uk ahead of the programme, the actor and singer reflected on his highlights of 2021.  Inside Dubai viewers gobsmacked as man blows $9,000,000 on car number plate   Tory MPs back calls for BBC to play God Save The Queen every day at 1am   Dragons’ Den newcomer Steven Bartlett on ‘genuine’ heated arguments with Touker Suleyman  ‘It’s A Sin is one of them, for sure. ‘Performing with Elton John at the Brits, lying on top of his piano – that was amazing. And duetting with Kylie was a dream come true.’ The Graham Norton Show airs tonight at 10.35pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Apprentice 2022: Series has biggest launch show in years as millions of viewers tune in MORE : Dragons’ Den star Steven Bartlett defends Molly-Mae Hague after she’s ‘crucified’ over clip from his podcast Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!