Are you passionate about solving some of the world’s most pressing problems through innovation? Have you ever wanted to build a successful impact-driven business, but didn’t know how to? Do you own an early-stage business that you want to grow and scale into new markets and verticals? Are you interested in being part of the new generation of impact-driven entrepreneurs? Then apply now! Savvy is looking for you. Benefits: Becoming a Savvy Fellow is an exceptional opportunity for you to: Eligibility: Application is open to aspiring and early-stage entrepreneurs around the world. Savvy is a global virtual Fellowship programme, available in 104 languages, for passionate and brilliant young individuals seeking to be part of the new generation of impact entrepreneurs. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, many have lost their jobs and are now living in an uncertain world. Savvy Fellowship is equipping these individuals with the necessary knowledge and skill they need to start their own impact-driven business and succeed as entrepreneurs. As a Savvy Fellow, you will be provided with the knowledge, skills, tools, resources, support network, and community to build a sustainable, innovative, and profitable impact-driven business. The Savvy Global Fellowship for Aspiring and Early-Stage Entrepreneurs, which began in 2020, has so far received over 65,464 applications from around the world, and has selected and trained 5,245 Fellows from 149 countries. For 12 weeks, no matter what stage your venture is, the Fellowship programme helps selected Fellows answer all the relevant questions that they need to kickstart their amazing impact venture, gain early traction, achieve product-market fit, and scale into new markets. About the Fellowship: Some of the things you’ll learn as a Savvy Fellow include fundraising for your business, building the right team to execute your business strategies, building buzz around your product or service, achieving product-market fit, scaling into new markets and verticals, and building customer loyalty and retention. E-Learning: Savvy Fellowship kicks off with a rigorous 12-weeks e-learning experience. As a Savvy Fellow, you will learn everything from ideation to scaling. Some of the things you’ll learn during the program are ‘understanding your customer’, ‘building a product or service that effectively solves their key challenges’, and ‘effectively positioning your solution in the market.’ Week 1: Understanding Your Customer Week 2: Building the Right Product or Service Week 3: Beating Your Competitors Week 4: Understanding Your Target Market Week 5: Drafting the Right Revenue Model Week 6: Your Customer Acquisition, Activation & Retention Strategy Week 7: Your Operations Week 8: Setting the Right Business Structure Week 9: Your Go-To-Market Strategy Week 10: Building the Right Team Week 11: Your Fundraising Strategy Week 12: Securing the Right Partners Assessment: During the 12 weeks of learning, unlearning, and relearning, you can test your understanding by taking our weekly quizzes. The quizzes are a combination of multiple choices, Yes or No, and True or False. Assessments are the best way to identify your strengths and areas of weaknesses. Knowing your weaknesses helps you work effectively on them. Peer Mentorship: We have introduced peer-to-peer mentorship, which we have found very effective. Our motto at Savvy is: “Be Your Fellow’s Keeper.” So, since all Savvy Fellows don’t have the same level of experience, more experienced and knowledgeable Fellows will help guide the others. Expert Mentorship: Savvy Fellows get weekly expert mentorship from about 900 renowned experts across various industries. The Fellows are expected to effectively transform all their learnings from the expert mentorship sessions, into meaningful and measurable societal impact. Post-Fellowship: After 12 weeks, you’ll receive a Certificate of Completion to proudly share with your professional network. That’s not all. You’ll still find the Savvy platform useful as we constantly share weekly articles on impact entrepreneurship, personal branding, capacity building, and professional opportunities. So, your Savvy Fellowship account will be useful even after you complete the intensive 12-week virtual Fellowship programme. Savvy Prize: At the end of every year, Savvy Fellows compete for the $3,000 Savvy Prize, which seeks to recognize and support the efforts of Savvy Fellows working to solve some of the world’s most pressing problems through innovative and sustainable ways. The Savvy Prize comes in cash prizes, product development support, and marketing endeavors. One of the missions of Savvy is to bring passionate and competent individuals together to build sustainable businesses, or to foster strategic partnerships and collaborations between these individuals. With that said, we encourage selected Fellows to use the Savvy platform to find and interact with other Savvy Fellows, which could lead them to start a business together or forge a helpful partnership. How to apply There is no application deadline. Savvy is a fully-funded Fellowship programme, so selected Fellows are not required to pay any fee. Interested applicants can start applying.  The post APPLY: 2022 Savvy Global Fellowship opens for early-stage entrepreneurs appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!