Thousands of American households received anti-Semitic flyers from a hate group last weekend that falsely claimed public health efforts against Covid are being orchestrated by a group of Jewish leaders. The hate-fueled incident appears to have been planned by members of the anti-Semitic hate group, the Goyim Defense League, as their logo and website was listed on the flyers. Mailers were reportedly found in areas with a large Jewish population across six states: Florida, Colorado, Wisconsin, Texas, California and Maryland, the Daily Mail reported. Police in all six states have launched investigations. The top of the flyer reads: ‘Every single aspect of the COVID agenda is Jewish,’ the words set between the Star of David and a Satanic pentagram. Listed are employees of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Department of Health and Human Services and several other healthcare related companies, all with the word Jewish next to them. While a small disclaimer, ‘These flyers were distributed randomly and without malicious intent,’ can be seen at the bottom of the leaflet, local authorities and leaders have been quick to take action against the hateful notes. ‘There is no place for hate in our community and it will not be tolerated,’ the Miami Beach Police tweeted when announcing the active investigation into the dissemination of these flyers. Over 200 flyers were collected around Miami, the department shared. The FBI has also joined the investigation. ‘These fliers are an attempt to intimidate and harass Jewish communities around the United States,’ the Anti-Defamation League wrote in a tweet Tuesday. The San Francisco Police Department said multiple flyers were reported in the Pacific Heights neighborhood and that its special investigations division was handling the incident. Multiple flyers were reportedly found in a San Francisco neighborhood, police said. The city’s special investigations division is currently handling the incident. ‘These antisemitic acts and any scare tactics like them have no place in San Francisco. We have a strong and proud Jewish community in this City, and we will continue to do everything we can to support all of our diverse communities when they are threatened like this.’ San Francisco Mayor London Breed said in a tweet on Tuesday. In Denver, the police department’s bias motivated crime unit is investigating flyers distributed in the Country Club neighborhood. The Goyim Defense League is a known anti-Semitic group and has been monitored by watchdogs such as StopAntisemitism since August 2020. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!