A new app aiming to empower victims of violent crimes by enabling them to record legally admissible evidence has been launched. Injury Capture is a smartphone app that lets victims of assault, domestic abuse, and sexual offences record forensic evidence without having to go to the police. The app is the work of Simon Franc, CEO of Anatomap Limited, who has worked in forensic science for more than a decade. Mr Franc said the idea for the app came from the desire to ’empower victims’ and ‘give anyone the ability to capture evidence, which is forensic, and immediately admissible’. Forensic evidence would normally be recorded by a crime scene investigator, using a large camera and ruler. But Injury Capture allows victims, support workers, friends and family, or the police to record forensic images using just a smartphone. The app has been carefully designed to guide users through the process of taking scaled images of injuries that are then ‘forensically admissible’ in court. Other evidence such as videos, voice recordings, messages, medical reports, CCTV footage and more can also be submitted to the app to enable victims to record a ‘picture of the crime’. Once recorded, evidence is stored securely within the app, until the victim is ready to report the offence to the police, meaning victims can go to the authorities when and if they feel ready to. One woman who has used the it said she hoped the tool would reach more people. Speaking of her experience, the anonymous woman, who is in her 20s and from London, said: ‘My injuries were intimate. At the time I didn’t enjoy photographing them, however I knew that at that time, I would rather do it myself than the police do it. ‘At the time it happened, I really didn’t want to report probably because of shock but also I was very scared to go to the police because of how the incident might be treated.’ She said while she had not yet decided if she was going to report the crime to the police, the app had helped bring ‘some closure’ and enabled her to ‘recover emotionally from the incident and process’. ‘I am still very much in two minds about reporting, which I am working through but it’s a lot of comfort to know that the option of reporting is more viable than it would have been,’ she added. ‘I really hope this reaches other people who need it. I think in today’s climate, it can help a lot of other people in my same situation, especially women.’ The charity Victim Support believes that on average, survivors live with abuse for two to three years before getting help. Earlier this year the government announced changes to the law which give victims of domestic abuse more time to report offences to the police. Mr Franc said: ‘We all know that the best course of action is to call 999 immediately and report an attack, however many victims, for a wide variety of reasons, delay seeking help, which makes prosecuting and proving a crime much more difficult. ‘I wanted to make it easy for anyone to capture robust evidence in order to enable justice for the victim, while also making the criminal justice system more efficient. It empowers the most vulnerable people in our society, and those who care about them.’ Referencing incredibly low prosecution rates for domestic violence and violent crimes which often can’t proceed to prosecution due to ‘evidential difficulty’ Mr Franc said he hoped the app would empower victims. ‘At the moment it’s 77% of cases, that can’t proceed due to evidential difficulty,’ he said. ‘That’s clear that we have a serious problem with the collection of evidence and so the app really is about empowering someone to collect evidence, which is one, forensic in nature with the imagery that is captured through the app and also ensuring that all of the other data that’s submitted via the app is evidentially admissible.’ Mr Franc said the app downloaded metadata from images which meant victims would not need to surrender their phone to the police. He added: ‘One factor I think that stops a lot of people reporting is if they don’t want their whole life exposed, they don’t want their entire phone downloaded, and everything else on it. ‘The purpose of the police actually doing that is to verify the evidence that you’re giving them to essentially verify that it was taken, when it was taken, etc. ‘But because the app is actually collecting all of that metadata, it’s our hope that in the vast majority of cases, the police won’t need to download the entire device.’ Mr Franc said Injury Capture had taken two years to create is credited to two international security standards and has been independently coded. He continued: ‘It’s taken a long time to develop, I sort of felt uniquely placed to do it, because it’s the sort of scientific background and also having seen evidence collection to prosecution and all the issues in between. ‘It’s really about empowering people to collect that evidence. Injury Capture is available for IOS and Android devices. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. ‘ Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!