Jack Wilshere has named his combined Arsenal and Tottenham starting XI ahead of the north London derby and not even Harry Kane has made the cut. The two rivals face off against each other on Sunday fresh off the back of their Carabao Cup semi-finals. While Spurs suffered a second-leg 1-0 defeat to Chelsea to be dumped out of the competition, a 10-man Arsenal side held Liverpool to a 0-0 draw at Anfield in their first leg. Fifth-place Arsenal currently sit one place and two points above their rivals with both clubs battling for Champions League football. But for former Gunner Wilshere feels there’s a clear difference in calibre of players between the two sides, with only Spurs star Harry Kane coming close to getting in his combined XI. ‘I’m not taking any Tottenham players right now,’ Wilshere told talkSPORT. ‘All Arsenal. Harry Kane would be the one closest to it. But, at the minute, he’s not really doing it.’ Naming his starting XI for the north London derby he added: ‘Ramsdale. Tomiyasu. We’re playing a 4-2-3-1. Ben White and Gabriel centre-backs. ‘Left-back, Kieran Tierney. It has to be KT. ‘Right now, because Partey is not there, I’m going Lokonga and Xhaka in midfield. ‘Odegaard in the No. 10 position. Right-wing, I’m going Smith Rowe. Saka on the left-wing. ‘The Lacazette up front as skipper.’ However, there will be several changes to that side when Arsenal travel across the capital with Granit Xhaka now suspended after his red card against Liverpool.  Rio Ferdinand tells Arsenal to sign West Ham flop instead of Dusan Vlahovic   ‘What do you do?’ – Paul Merson left baffled by Arsenal star’s performances   ‘Game after game!’ – Ian Wright slams Arsenal star in Liverpool draw  Martin Odegaard and Emile Smith Rowe both missed the trip to Anfield while Bukayo Saka picked up a knock and is now doubtful. ‘He felt something in the last minutes, he was really fatigued,’ Arteta told reporters at his post-match press conference. ‘I don’t know. He’s a young boy and he recovers really quickly. ‘But he’s played a lot of minutes in the last few months so let’s see who is available.’ MORE : Granit Xhaka issues apology after red card in Arsenal’s draw with Liverpool MORE : Jamie Carragher tells Mikel Arteta to ‘move Granit Xhaka on’ to solve Arsenal’s ‘massive problem’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news onFacebook, Twitter and Instagram. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!