William Regal has claimed WWE ‘saved his life’ in 1999 as he shared a classy statement following his release. The former King of the Ring winner was let go from the company this week as part of behind the scenes changes to NXT 2.0, and he has responded with a moving post on social media. He wrote: ‘Thank you to @WWE for a wonderful 21 year run. You gave a lad who was happy and in wonderland wrestling on a carnival have a charmed life for 21 years. ‘No complaints and please no one waste time replying as I won’t have a bad work said against the company.x (sic)’ Regal – who started his wrestling career on the piers in Blackpool and went onto become one of the most respected British performers of all time – also insisted the company will have his ‘gratitude forever’. He added: ‘I will add that @WWE saved my life in 1999 when they didn’t need to, kept my family fed and took me all around the world. You have my gratitude forever. You allowed me to live a charmed life.’ The 53-year-old star was signed by WCW in 1993 before first making the jump to then-WWF in 1998, but by January 1999 he went into rehab before getting released four months later. After a spell as Lord Steven Regal in WCW, he then returned to WWE in 2000, and remained with the company until this week.  90 Day Fiance star selling farts in a jar for £38,000 a week hospitalised   James Corden’s late night show pulled off air as he tests positive for Covid-19   Denzel Washington responds to Ellen Pompeo’s claim they ‘clashed’ on Grey’s Anatomy  After his time as an in-ring performer came to an end, he moved onto work for the NXT brand as the on-screen general manager while having a big impact pehind the scenes as a talent scout and trainer. In a statement explaining this week’s NXT cuts, WWE said: ‘With the continued evolution of NXT 2.0, we’ve decided to part ways with some of the staff based in our Performance Center. ‘We thank them for their many contributions throughout the years and wish them the best.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE stars Becky Lynch, Sasha Banks, and Kevin Owens ‘owe careers’ to William Regal MORE : WWE releases legends William Regal, Road Dogg and Scott Armstrong as part of NXT cuts Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!