There is finally some hope on the horizon for Vinny Ashdale and his long suffering girlfriend Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) in Emmerdale when new evidence emerges which could free her from prison. Vinny has been the main fighter to prove Liv’s innocence and next week, he reckons evidence from Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) about true killer Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) could be the key. Both are nervous at the hearing, with Vinny pinning every vibe in his body on it going the right way. ‘He’s a bag of nerves,’ Bradley Johnson told us. ‘The way things have gone, I think Vinny thinks something else might go wrong. ‘He just wants things to go right for her and for her to get out and live life back to normal. He’s an absolute bag of nerves.’ It seems to be set for a happy ending as pictures obtained by Metro.co.uk showed the couple filming what seemed to be a wedding. And Bradley reckons the future could be bright for the much loved pair. ‘What that couple has been through in the past couple of years,’ he smiled ‘Liv’s been Vinny’s rock and Vinny’s been Liv’s rock, so hopefully going forward there’s a happy ever after in the foreseeable future. ‘Hopefully nothing else goes wrong and there’s no more spanners in the works. ‘Even though they’ve had a relationship in the past they are soulmates and the best of friends. They’ll have each other’s back no matter what.’ Declaring that Liv is Vinny’s soulmate, what does Bradley hope 2022 has in store for them? He mused: ‘I’ve just found out what’s to come in 2022, and although I can’t say a lot of what’s to come it’s very exciting and I can’t wait for it to play out and to see the audience’s reaction. ‘I don’t know how much drama Vinny can take before he goes over the edge. We’ve had the demise of Paul, we’ve had Liv in prison and with her alcohol issues. ‘If there’s one couple in the village who need the happily ever after or a bit of good karma it’s definitely Liv and Vinny.’ We’re manifesting it! MORE : As Cain is disowned in Emmerdale, 10 times a Dingle was cast out of the family MORE : Emmerdale star Lucy Pargeter is ‘massively’ missing Danny Miller after his exit as Aaron If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!