Wendy Williams will not be returning to her show until at least March, after the latest selection of guest hosts were revealed. The presenter, 57, sparked concern when she took time off from the Wendy Williams Show last year due to a series of health issues. Bosses have now announced the latest slate of stars who are stepping in to her shoes to front the talk show in her absence. Michael Rapaport, Bevy Smith, Terrence J, Fat Joe, Remy Ma, and Sherri Shepherd will be sharing the reins throughout February. ‘The Wendy Williams Show continues to fill Wendy’s seat with exciting guest hosts for all-new episodes during the month of February,’ a press release read. ‘Each new episode of The Wendy Williams Show will include a spin on Wendy’s signature Hot Topics, along with other staple Wendy segments and surprises along the way.’ https://www.instagram.com/p/CZPwg1yJc1t/ Michael Rapaport will be returning to the fold next Monday for a week, before reprising his hosting duties for the last week of February. Fat Joe and Remy Ma are in the hot seats on February 7, until February 11, with Bevy Smith and Terrence J taking over from February 14, making their debuts as presenters. Fan favorite Sherri Shepherd will return on February 21, offering her hilarious and unique takes on the biggest stories around. Wendy has taken time away from the spotlight to focus on her recovery after a series of health issues. The Think Like A Man star previously assured worried fans that she was taking time to recuperate after falling ill in September.  Katie Price’s Mucky Mansion viewers crack up as she calls her chimney a ‘chimley’   Jay Blades leaves fans in tears as he reads for the first time to his daughter aged 51   Jackie Weaver’s Celebrity Mastermind specialist subject is a rogue Vin Diesel movie  She has not been on screens since then and has reportedly suffered other medical complications in that time. Sharing an update on Instagram last November, she insisted that she missed her fans – but that her progress was taking ‘longer than expected’. ‘HOW YOU DOIN’? I MISS YOU ALL! As everyone knows, my health has been a hot topic,’ she told fans. ‘I’m making progress but it’s just one of those things that’s taking longer than we expected.’ ‘I’m a woman of a certain age, and I know enough to listen to my doctors and will return to my purple chair as soon as we all agree I’m ready. I want to thank all of my staff and our guest hosts for stepping up and stepping in while I can’t be there.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo’s girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez reveals their relationship breakdown amid her father’s illness: ‘I was sad’ MORE : Dolly Parton has iconic response as she addresses bizarre claims her breasts are insured Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!