Kim Kardashian and Kanye West ‘kept their distance’ from each other during daughter Chicago’s birthday party, it has been claimed. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, 41, and sister Kylie Jenner, 24, held a joint bash for Chicago and Stormi’s birthdays, sharing glimpses of the swanky do on social media. Things initially got off to a rocky start when rapper Kanye, 44, alleged that he had been banned from the celebrations – before he was later photographed in the gardens of Kylie’s Hidden Hills mansion, where the party was held. According to reports, there was no ‘scene’ as the former couple made sure to stay apart during the afternoon. An insider explained that they kept themselves to themselves, telling the Sun: ‘He [Kanye] seemed okay once he started talking to the family and was in great spirits laughing and playing with Chicago, it seems he just wanted to be involved in her day and didn’t want to cause trouble. ‘There was no scene between him and Kim but they did spend most of the afternoon at other ends of the garden. ‘He chatted with Kris and some other family members but there was no deep discussion with Kim yet. ‘He left after about an hour and drove himself back home.’ Kim and Kanye share four children together – North, Saint, Psalm and birthday girl Chicago – but the rapper made headlines after alleging that he hadn’t been invited to the event commemorating his daughter. Taking to Instagram live, Ye told fans that he was trying to get in contact with the Skims businesswoman to discuss an invite. Photos later emerged of the dad-of-four having a conversation with Kris Jenner inside the party, confirming he was able to make it inside.  Kylie Jenner shuts down rumours she’s given birth to second child with baby bump snap   N-Dubz ‘to reunite in 2022’ with new music by the end of the year   Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury spotted on stroll together following podcast backlash  Updating fans on what went down, he held another impromptu live session, adding: ‘I’m so happy right now, I just came from Chi’s party. I just got to shout out to Travis Scott for sending me the address and the time and making sure that I was able to spend that birthday memory with my daughter, to be there with the rest of the family. ‘I just saw everybody; Kris, Corey and Kylie – Kylie let me in when I got to the spot because security stopped me once again when I got there. ‘It’s just a matter of having a conversation, open dialogue and everyone just had a great time and I’m really happy that I could be there for my children and I just thank everybody for their support in this situation because it’s letting me just calmly and legally take control of my narrative.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kim and Kanye for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears’ sister Jamie Lynn issues public plea amid ‘embarrassing’ fall out MORE : Strictly Come Dancing stars Tilly Ramsay and Nikita Kuzmin reunite for cosy dinner Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!