 It’s taken many years, one failed attempt, and consistent lobbying from drug companies and patient groups for the gatekeeper of National Health Service drugs to overhaul how it decides which treatments will and won’t be paid for. But on Wednesday, the board of the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) — the expert group tasked with weighing the added benefits of a new treatment for patients against the added cost to the NHS — is expected to sign off on sweeping changes to these assessments. “Our vision at NICE is to be at the forefront of delivering access for patients in the NHS to valuable, evidence-based innovative medicines, medical devices and diagnostics,” said Gillian Leng, NICE chief executive. The timing couldn’t be better. With the U.K. having broken away from the EU, it now competes with its far larger neighbor for innovative and life-changing treatments. Not all companies have the resources to launch concurrently in EU markets and the U.K., so faster assessments on a drug’s added value, as well as more flexible pricing, add to the appeal. The changes, which will come into effect from early February, have been designed in response to evolving and ground-breaking advances in medicine, such as cell and gene therapies that bring hopes of a cure to some of the most devastating and life-limiting genetic diseases. It will give patients earlier access to innovative treatments by allowing greater flexibility over decisions about value for money and consideration of a broader evidence base. The new assessment will also provide greater predictability for industry, greater transparency for patients and enable swift decision making for NICE’s independent committees, NICE said in a statement. One key addition will be a weighting the severity of diseases, intended to provide more equitable access to treatments. Currently, a similar approach is taken — insomuch as a higher price threshold is offered — only for medicines used at the end of life. NICE will also take greater account of real-world evidence and consider uncertain benefits for treatments for rare diseases and children’s medicines, for example, where evidence can be harder to gather. NICE said it wants to ensure valuable innovations in these areas are made available while managing potential risks to patients. Its decisions apply to England and Wales and are often adopted in Northern Ireland. In addition, for highly specialized treatments like gene therapies, NICE will consider a treatment’s wider impacts — not only the benefits to a patient but also to their carers and the NHS. This is an approach that the industry has long campaigned for. “These long-awaited changes mean that NICE’s methods and processes will better reflect the incredible advances in medicines discovery,” said Paul Catchpole, value and access director at the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry. He said the lobby shared NICE’s ambition for fairness and equity of access to the latest medicines. While many of the changes appear to be answering the calls of the pharmaceutical sector, NICE underlined that it will be constantly assessing the changes and their impact on patients. The group also said it won’t leave it so long to update its assessment methods and processes again; from now on it will review its processes in a rolling format to keep pace with the science. This article is part of POLITICO’s premium policy service: Pro Health Care. From drug pricing, EMA, vaccines, pharma and more, our specialized journalists keep you on top of the topics driving the health care policy agenda. Email pro@politico.eu for a complimentary trial. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!