Katie Price has been pictured for the first time since she was arrested for allegedly breaking her restraining order, with her fiance Carl Woods seen driving her around. The My Crazy Life star was spotted in the passenger seat of a car, as the pair stopped for petrol. The couple, who got engaged last year, donned casual looks, with Katie wearing a pink hoodie and jacket. The former glamour model, 43, was reportedly arrested on Friday at a property in West Sussex after allegedly texting her ex-husband Kieran Hayler’s fiancée Michelle Pentecost. Katie is banned from contacting Michelle under the terms of a five-year restraining order after she verbally abused her in a school playground. Sussex Police told Metro.co.uk: ‘At 5.45pm on Friday (January 21) police responded to a report that a suspect had breached their restraining order. ‘Officers arrested a woman in her 40s who has been released under investigation while enquiries continue.’ Kieran, 34, who Katie was previously married to and with whom she shares her youngest children, Jett, eight, and Bunny, seven, has been accused of sexually assaulting a woman during three incidents in 2016, which he has denied. A spokesperson for Kieran told Metro.co.uk: ‘Kieran is very saddened by these false allegations, and is happy to fully assist the police and cooperate fully to ensure he is quickly vindicated. ‘But he is keen not to get into a public dispute and would prefer to rectify this matter with the police as quickly and calmly as possible, and continue to focus on his own life and future.’ Sussex Police also told The Sun: ‘We are investigating a report that in 2016 a woman was raped by an adult male known to her at a location in West Sussex. ‘No arrest has been made. The woman is receiving support from specially trained officers.’ A source close to the former stripper added to The Sun: ‘Police have been in touch with Kieran regarding an allegation from 2016, which is believed to have been made by Katie. It relates to someone they knew while they were married.  Katie Price ‘arrested for breaching restraining order by messaging Kieran Hayler fiancée’   Katie Price’s fiancé Carl Woods blasts ‘fake news’ amid rumours engagement is on the rocks   Katie Price’s Mucky Mansion ‘loses £1million in value’ after falling into disrepair  ‘Kieran is co-operating and insists he has done nothing wrong — but he’s happy to speak to the cops about it. He just wants to move on from his marriage to Katie.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Katie Price for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price ‘faces jail’ after ‘arrest for breaching restraining order with messages to Kieran Hayler’s fiancée’ MORE : Katie Price’s fiancé Carl Woods blasts ‘fake news’ after rumours engagement is on the rocks Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!