The apex Igbo socio-cultural organization Ohanaeze Ndigbo has described the declaration of Tinubu to contest the Presidency in 2023 as a project that is dead on arrival as it is not rooted in equity, justice, and fair play.  Tinubu was in the statehouse Abuja on Monday, January 10, to inform President Buhari of his intention to run for President come 2023.  Reacting to his declaration, the spokesman for the Igbo apex body, Chief Alex Ogbonnia, who spoke to Punch, said Tinubu knows that he is doing the “wrong” thing.  “It is a project that is dead on arrival. Because God is a universal entity that he is always interested in truth, fairness and equity. So for anybody embarking on anything that is not rooted in equity and justice will not succeed and this is a countervailing force that has sustained this world from the beginning. So Tinubu knows that he is embarking on a cause that has no foundation in anything:  foundation in equity and justice, and of course is a project that will not succeed.”  The Ohanaeze spokesman added that it is very “unfortunate that Tinubu had decided to add to the crisis in Nigeria.” According to him, Tinubu knows that the 2023 presidency should go to the Igbos but he has decided to work against this.  “There is this collective conscience that has been guiding this country. The collective conscience is to culturally determine what is right and what is wrong and to pursue the one that is right and ignore the one that is wrong. he said But all the same, those who have really gone against the convention has often lost, you know at a point General Sani Abacha wanted to continue but he lost; Goodluck Jonathan ran against the current he lost any other person that tries to go against the convention and the current will always lose it. Mr Tinubu is working across purposes with the foundations of this country – foundation rooted in equity and justice. He knows that this is the turn of the Igbo and instead of supporting for the Igbo to emerge for peace to reign, for the corporate existence of Nigeria to remain intact, he decided adding to the problem and crisis. So for one to succeed as a matter of facts, patriots should consider the collective interest – the group interest more than self-interest. But in this case now Tinubu is more interested in self-interest. He considered self-interest above group interest or corporate existence of Nigeria. And that is selfishness at its height and any country that has such people is always in problem. Ohanaeze’s position is that Tinubu knows that he is doing the wrong thing. He is embarking on a project that is not rooted in equity, justice and fair play, and is against the common current of the conscience of the people and to that extent he will surely lose.” he added Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!