The Royal Navy has played an important role in the history of the United Kingdom – and the world. The Royal Navy played a key part in establishing and defending the British Empire, travelling the high seas as a dominant force in the world. Though the history of the British Empire can – and should – be criticised today, the Royal Navy has evolved into a powerful force for good: the Navy aims to prevent conflict, aid those in need around the world and protects the UK’s economy and welfare. If you have dreams of going into service, how old must you be to join? You need to be aged 16 or over to join the Royal Navy. If you’re under the age of 18, you will need the consent of a parent or guardian. Anyone can join the Royal Navy if you’re aged 16 to 39, dependent on the role you choose. Roles in the Navy vary massively, from technicians to caterers and even more regular ‘office’ roles like HR. If you’re under the age of 16 but want to experience what it might be like to join the Royal Navy, you can join the Sea Cadets. The Sea Cadets train young teens in a variety of leadership and teamwork skills, while gaining a valuable early insight into life in the Royal Navy. Because there is such a wide variety of careers and services within the Royal Navy, each role has a unique set of entry requirements. These can include a series of assessments, which include physical tests, multiple choice exams and a medical. For specifics on the eligibility for each role, you can find out more using the Royal Navy’s Role Finder. In the past, tattoos and visible piercings were enough to bar entry to the Navy altogether, however, the policy on these was changed in 2018. Most tattoos and piercings won’t prevent you from joining the Royal Navy now, providing: If you do enlist with the Royal Navy, the shortest career is four years, but you can choose to serve up to 22 years and beyond, depending on the needs of the Service. MORE : Sailor asks ‘what did we just hit?’ after Navy warship crashes into Russian sub MORE : Postcard sent by a Navy officer in South America finally arrives 30 years later Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!