All eyes were on Kim Kardashian as she frolicked on a beach wearing a bright blue two-piece for a Skims swimwear shoot. The businesswoman, 41 showcased sensational curves during the photoshoot for her Skims swimwear line on a tropical getaway. She waded through the water with poise and strutted her stuff on the sand while wearing an electric blue crop top and matching high-waisted bottoms. The KUWTK star’s long brunette locks were swept back off her face while her make-up was kept minimal. For one shot, Kim ventured further out into the water while her photographer emerged himself to bag the shots. Kim entered full-on model mode, stretching her arms above her head before playfully pouting and flashing peace signs when she exited the sea. The mom-of-four was also spotted sitting on the back of a golf buggy after the shoot wrapped. Kim has been teasing fans with her upcoming swimwear line by sharing bikini clad images of herself following her trip to the Bahamas this month. While she’s yet to confirm a launch date for her Skims swimwear collection, she appeared to announce that she’s expanding her hugely successful brand back in August. A fan tweeted to her, ‘SWIMBERLY’ to which Kim replied, ‘SOONCOME,’ suggesting there’s more in the works for her loungewear and lingerie label. https://www.instagram.com/p/CY1-O6wFMV8/ According to Page Six, when Kim filed her trademark for Skims in 2019, her application actually included swimwear, beach cover-ups and swim caps, implying she’s had dreams of venturing into swimwear for some time. It isn’t just her booming business (reportedly worth $1.6billion) that’s got Kim smiling, as she recently enjoyed a romantic vacation with rumoured beau Pete Davidson. The couple of the moment started 2022 in sunny climates as they took their blossoming romance international, jetting to the Bahamas.  Meat Loaf ‘died after catching Covid-19’ as tributes pour in   Iconic singer and actor Meat Loaf dies aged 74   Machine Gun Kelly’s engagement ring for Megan Fox could hurt her, designer confirms  Kim and the SNL comic have been romantically linked for several months, but are yet to publicly confirm a relationship. However, they seem to be spending more time together than ever, while Kim is in the process of getting divorced from rapper Kanye West. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson compares himself to bargain DVD bin in theory about why women like him amid rumoured Kim Kardashian romance MORE : Kendall Jenner braves icy temperatures as she frolics in the snow wearing tiny bikini and epic furry knee-high boots Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!