Tori Spelling has revealed her whole family has tested positive for coronavirus after having hoped it was ‘just a bad winter cold’. The TV star, 48, shared a photo of her and her daughter in bed as she explained why she hadn’t been active on social media. Revealing she’d been under the weather, Tori wrote: ‘I share a lot on social media but this is one thing I didn’t want to share… But, at this point people are getting frustrated not getting responses personally and business wise from me and wondering why I’m MIA so I finally decided to share. ‘Our entire family has Covid. Yes, every single member got it. We all have varying degrees of symptoms. I was last to be symptomatic. We all were praying it was just a bad winter cold. But it wasn’t.’ Tori admitted she was struggling with being ill at the same time as her children, Liam, 14, Stella, 13, Hattie, 10, Finn, nine, and Beau, four, as she feels like she should be the one making them feel better. She continued: ‘Nothing is worse than wanting to care for your little ones but feeling so sick you can barely function yourself. I feel useless as a parent. Devastated. ‘A mom is supposed to take care of their kiddos when sick. That’s how it works. But, we are all getting thru this together. ‘I know we aren’t alone. So many are going thru this as well. Have gone they thru this. And, will go thru this.’ Tori thanked one of her friends for dropping off a care package of vitamins to boost the family’s immunity, and implored fans to be understanding if she takes a while to reply. She concluded: ‘If I’m not responding please understand. Give me some time. We are right in the thick of it. For reference: This post took 45 min of starting and stopping to write. #covidsucks.’  It’s Always Sunny star Glenn Howerton charged with four felonies as young adult   Sidney Poitier dies aged 94   Britney Spears celebrates her ‘free woman energy’ with full frontal snap  The family contracting Covid comes after Tori’s husband and the father of her children, Dean McDermott, 55, revealed he had pneumonia over new year. He revealed in an Instagram video from his bed: ‘I am sick as a dog with pneumonia. I am not going to let that dampen my spirits. 2022 is going to be awesome. 2022, we’re going to get through.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tori Spelling reveals she and husband Dean McDermott are sleeping in separate rooms amid divorce rumors MORE : Denise Van Outen splits from fiancé Eddie Boxshall after seven years together in ‘difficult decision’ Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!