{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T1M","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/01/10/11/52749961-0-image-a-90_1641812989562.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-01-10T11:10:05+0000","description":"Joey Essex, 31, and Australian model Maria Thattil, 28, appear to be hitting it off romantically.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/01/10/9077834140942840960/640x360_MP4_9077834140942840960.mp4","height":360,"width":640}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Has Joey Essex found love in the Australian jungle on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here? A romance may be budding Down Under with the former Towie star seemingly getting close to beauty queen Maria Thattil during his appearance on the Aussie series. Katie Price and Peter Andre, eat your heart out. While the Essex lad was dropped in the local version of the popular series despite many, many Aussies not having the foggiest clue who he was, he’s become well acquainted with this campmates and was seen in a recent episode holding hands with Maria. Diving deeper into the idea the pair may have found more than some gold stars, Joey added in the Bush Telegraph ‘something is there’ between them. Maria was seen holding hands with Joey in Sunday night’s episode as the beauty queen, who was Miss Universe Australia in 2020, noted the qualities she looks for in a potential partner. She said she likes ‘people who are adventurous, creative and open,’ which prompted Joey to respond: ‘I’ve pretty much got all those things haven’t I? I’m just saying. If there was like a piece of paper with all the boxes I reckon every one would be ticked.’ Joey then asked Maria: ‘Do you like me flirting with you?’ as he began stroking her arm. After asking whether he was nothing but an arm stroker to her, Maria joked: ‘No, you’re my future husband. I’ve decided in the past two days.’ Joey later said in his confessional: ‘It’s nice to have someone in here who I can talk to, who I can be with in a friendly way but at the same time, something is there.’ Clearly picking up with the reality TV star was putting down, Maria added: ‘I think we’ve hit it off really, really well. We’re having great conversation. It’s really lovely. He is very charming.’ https://www.instagram.com/p/CYBTv-kh2g_/ That’s a great start for Joey, seeing as Maria had no idea who the star was when she first met him in the jungle (maybe that’s a good thing? Clean slate and all that…). She told the Daily Telegraph: ‘I had no concept of who he was so when I was getting to know him, I wasn’t getting to know ‘Joey Essex’ the character. ‘I am not overly impressed or flustered by that side of things. It is more, are you a nice, kind, attractive person that I am vibing? Cool, let’s enjoy that. It didn’t really phase me because I had no idea who he was.’ The show was shot in northern NSW late last year, with Marie back in Melbourne and Joey having returned the UK, but that hasn’t stopped the Instagram flirting. The pair, who follow one another online, have been sharing posts about their interactions in the jungle, with Maria uploading a conversation the pair had about their thoughts on marriage and kids, saying that while she previously felt awkward ‘mingling’ she felt comfortable with Joey. Responding to the post, Joey wrote: ‘We like to mingle 👀’ to which Maria replied: ‘Just a cheeky mingle.’ This isn’t the first time Joey has found a potential mate in the jungle, after he got close to another beauty queen, Amy Willerton, during his first shot at the I’m A Celeb crown on the UK instalment in 2013.  Stacey Solomon exposes Joe Swash for sneaking his I’m A Celeb winner’s staff home though   Joey Essex rescued from drowning in terrifying I’m A Celebrity trial   Corrie’s Simon Gregson reveals whether he’d do Strictly Come Dancing  Here, Joey helped Amy get through the jungle times with a massage, with their chemistry causing Rebecca Adlington to say: ‘I can’t take the sexual tension anymore!’ We sure hope Rebecca has some techniques to manage her reaction to watching Joey and Maria… MORE : Ant and Dec hope I’m A Celebrity returns to Australia this year after ratings plummet on latest series MORE : Joey Essex rescued from drowning by emergency divers in terrifying I’m A Celebrity Australia challenge Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!