To get a roundup of TechCrunch’s biggest and most important stories delivered to your inbox every day at 3 p.m. PST, subscribe here. Hello and welcome to Daily Crunch for January 6, 2021! Today we have not only killer notes on this year’s strange CES confab, but breaking media news and even an editorial from United States Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg. And, of course, a host of updates from startup land. Let’s have some fun! —Alex Rounding out the top stories of the day is this entry from United States Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg. He talks about innovation and the role of government in the creation of what’s next, from a transit perspective. Before we jump into our usual mix of startup updates, something fun. TechCrunch’s own Natasha Lomas spent four weeks testing a “metabolic fitness” service from Ultrahuman. “Becoming a cyborg is no longer as sci-fi as that sounds” in the world of quantified health realm, she says, but the post is a great look into how we may care for our bodies in the future. There was even more. Rupifi raised $25 million to build its B2B payments business in India, while JABU raised $3.2 million for its B2B e-commerce business, and Payfit became France’s latest unicorn after raising $259 million. It’s busy out there — so busy that some folks even in the venture world are curious about the sheer pace of today’s private-market investing.   Image Credits: PaoloBis (opens in a new window) / Getty Images Our latest guest column with predictions for the coming year doesn’t just prognosticate: Growth expert Jonathan Martinez shares several tactics early-stage companies can use to capitalize on these trends. Among other topics, Martinez shared methods for incrementally testing ads, his ideas about video ads and influencer marketing, and a few thoughts about Facebook and iOS 14 privacy changes. “I believe we’ll start seeing heavy investments by Facebook and other social media platforms to keep users on their platforms, where they will still have access to first-party data,” writes Martinez. (TechCrunch+ is our membership program, which helps founders and startup teams get ahead. You can sign up here.)   Image Credits: SEAN GLADWELL / Getty Images TechCrunch wants you to recommend software consultants who have expertise in UI/UX, website development, mobile development and more! If you’re a software consultant, pass this survey along to your clients; we’d like to hear about why they loved working with you. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!