 “Our strength depends on preserving our unity, and that includes unity within Ukraine,” Blinken said, appearing with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy before a meeting. “One of Moscow’s longstanding goals has been to try to sow divisions between and within countries, and quite simply we cannot and will not let them do that. “So our message to all of our friends here and to all of Ukraine’s global leaders, to its citizens alike, is to stick together and to hold on to that unity, to strengthen it. It’s never been more important, particularly as the country faces the possibility of renewed Russian aggression.” Blinken noted that he was among a parade of Western officials to make appearances in the Ukrainian capital in recent days. German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock was there Monday, ahead of a visit to Moscow Tuesday. “I am tempted to say the last thing that you need is another visitor, because I think Kyiv may be the most popular destination in the world right now,” Blinken said. But he added that U.S. President Joe Biden had asked him to go and demonstrate Washington’s continued support. “Now, as ever, it is up to Ukrainians and no one else to decide their own future and the future of this country,” Blinken said. “The Ukrainian people chose a democratic and European path in 1991. They took to the Maidan to defend that choice in 2013.  And unfortunately, ever since you’ve faced relentless aggression from Moscow.  Russia invaded territory in the Crimea, ginned up a conflict in eastern Ukraine, and has systematically sought to undermine and divide Ukraine’s democracy.” Zelenskiy thanked Blinken and reiterated Ukraine’s desire to join NATO, but also stressed that his country very much needed help in defending itself. “We allocate the maximum funds in all the years of independence of our state — the maximum money to support our army,” he said. “But to take very fast steps to modernize the army — we need help here, especially help in such times, difficult times — I think these times can be called difficult.” Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!