A woman who was found dead after going on a Bumble date died from acute intoxication, officials shared on Tuesday, just one day after the woman’s family accused police of being ‘racially insensitive’ in its handling of the investigation. Lauren Smith-Fields, a 23-year-old from Connecticut, was killed by ‘acute intoxication due to the combined effects of fentanyl, promethazine, hydroxyzine and alcohol,’ after a date with a man she met on the dating app, Bumble. Connecticut’s chief medical examiner said on Tuesday they found no evidence of foul play, and ruled her death an accident. The circumstances surrounding her untimely passing are now under criminal investigation by the local police, who Smith-Fields’ family feel have handled the case poorly. Her family also firmly believes she wouldn’t have willingly taken the drugs found in her system, a family representative told News 12 Connecticut. ‘We do not believe she took those drugs voluntarily, we do not believe if she took those drugs, she knew what she was taking. We don’t believe she took them voluntarily at all,’ said family representative Alexis Farrow. Farrow said the family felt like the Bridgeport Police Department handled the case poorly. It took the department two weeks following Smith-Field’s December 12 death to come collect evidence. Her family was not informed of her death until two days later. ‘Of course we care how Lauren died, but we don’t want the narrative to change, and we don’t want the focus to change. The bottom line is no matter how she passed away, it was not investigated properly, and it was not handled properly,’ Farrow said. The Bridgeport Police Department says they had to wait for the full medical examiner’s report before launching an investigation. ‘The Bridgeport Police Department continues to treat the untimely death of Lauren Smith-Fields as an active investigation as we are now refocusing our attention and efforts to the factors that lead to her untimely death,’ Bridgeport Police Chief Rebeca Garcia said. Smith-Fields’ family has since started a GoFundMe in order to hire a private investigator to look into the mysterious case. ‘As many of you may know the circumstances surrounding Lauren’s death have proven to be suspicious and we her family need your help to bring the answers we are looking for to light!’ the GoFundMe reads. The family has raised nearly $60,000 as of Wednesday, surpassing their goal by $10,000. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!