A hospital has declared a major incident after a ‘significant water leak’ forced it to cancel all outpatient appointments. The problem occurred at the Queen Alexandra Hospital in Portsmouth, Hampshire, on Friday morning. Shocking footage shows water gushing from the ceiling of one corridor which is completely flooded. Several of the ceiling tiles have fallen through and smashed onto the ground. A hospital source told The Telegraph that a burst pipe above the gynaecology ward is thought to be the cause. The source said that the incident had left the hospital without water, apart from one tank which was reserved for the Covid ward. This meant that doctors and nurses were not able to use sinks and sluices and patients had to be evacuated. A statement from Portsmouth Hospitals University NHS Trust on social media said: ‘As a result of a significant water leak affecting large parts of the Queen Alexandra Hospital site we have declared a major incident. NEW | Major incident at Queen Alexandra hospital, Portsmouth, after huge leak leaves wards without water – Source tells @Telegraph one tank is reserved for Covid ward– Doctors unable to use sinks– Burst pipe above gynaecology ward thought to be causehttps://t.co/B1A4yEXksf pic.twitter.com/dzM5xysztE — Gareth Davies (@GD10) January 7, 2022 ‘All outpatients appointments scheduled for this morning (Friday 7 January 2022) have been cancelled. ‘We apologise for the short notice and any inconvenience this will cause. We will rearrange the appointments as soon as possible. ‘Dialysis and chemotherapy appointments will continue as usual.’ Two fire crews were sent to the hospital at 6.05am to help with the issue. The hospital added that virtual appointments will still continue as planned, and patients who had their face-to-face slots cancelled may be contacted to be offered a video call instead. Maternity outpatient appointments will also continue as usual, the hospital added. It comes as the current Covid surge heaps unprecedented pressure on already embattled NHS staff. A record 5.8 million people across the country are awaiting treatment that was either cancelled or delayed due to the pandemic. The crisis has been exacerbated by the spread of the Omicron variant, which has led to critical staff shortages as a record number of people are forced to self-isolate. The army has been drafted in to help hospitals and ambulance services plug the gaps. The Royal College of Nursing has said the deployment means Boris Johnson can no longer deny there is a ‘staffing crisis’ within the NH Conservative MP Jeremy Hunt has also urged the Government to ‘wake up to the scale of the staffing crisis facing the NHS’. Boris Johnson has said it is ‘not true’ that the health service does not have enough staff to cope with the pressures it is facing, despite dozens of hospitals declaring critical emergencies in recent days. Today, Downing Street said he still sees no need for further Covid restrictions in England despite rising staff absences in the NHS due to the virus.  NHS ‘would save £30,000,000,000’ if everyone went vegan   Army drafted in to help hospitals cope with Covid ‘tsunami’ and critical staff shortages   Hospital canteen is turned into a ward to deal with Omicron surge  A No 10 spokesman said ministers would ensure the health service had the support it needed. But he said the Covid booster jab programme meant there was not the same level of pressure on intensive care units seen in previous waves. ‘The Prime Minister has been clear on controls. Plan B is balanced and proportionate to respond to the Omicron variant. It is continuing to help reduce its spread. But the important thing is the booster programme and the effectiveness it has in stopping the disease,’ the spokesman said. He added: ‘The military have helped out throughout the pandemic and they will do so again. We know that staff absences are contributing to the pressure the NHS is currently facing. Of course we will continue to take appropriate measures to ensure the NHS has the support they need.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!