Tunisia’s 23-year dictatorship was finally overthrown 11 years ago after the country’s people rose up in protest. The historic event ignited pro-democracy movements all over Northern Africa and the Middle East in what came to be known as the 2011 Arab Spring. Today Tunisia is the only country – out of five – to enjoy a successful transition to democracy. This has been the international narrative for more than 10 years, albeit with serious worries over corruption and a constant government turnover. But Tunisia’s democratic legacy has never been doubted more than when its current president, Kais Saied, suspended parliament and dismissed government on July 25 last year. Although the former law professor has promised his actions are in the interest of preserving Tunisia’s democracy, the leader has faced substantial backlash from the local and the international community. Here is a breakdown of what happened in Tunisia all those years ago and a look back on where the country is now. By the time the government was overthrown in 2011, Tunisia had only had two leaders since it won its independence from France in 1956. Military man Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali was the country’s second ruler who made a name for himself for taking a hard line on protesters and religion – in the name of being anti-terrorist. His party, the Democratic Constitutional Rally (RCD), banned its opposition in 1991, the Muslim party Ennahda, and won election after election by an overwhelming margin. People became more and more unhappy with the political repression which had become commonplace, and the high levels of poverty and unemployment did not help. Everything came to a head at the end of 2010 when street vendor Mohamed Bouazizi set himself on fire in the central town of Sidi Bouzid. The man lived in poverty and worked every day to support his mum and six siblings. So when police confiscated his scales for selling fruit without a permit he was desperate and fed up, and killed himself in front of everyone. This sparked the protests – later dubbed the Jasmine Revolution – which forced Ben Ali to step down less than a month later. Ben Ali’s government was met with international criticism for its brutal response to protests – where dozens of demonstrators were killed in clashes with the police. On January 13, Ben Ali tried a different approach. He went onto national TV and promised he would not run for another term in power after the term he was serving at the time ended in 2014. He also said he would reduce food prices and start reducing restricting access to the internet. But these concessions did not satisfy protesters. Seeing the serious situation he was in, Ben Ali declared a state of emergency the next day, dissolved his government and promised to hold elections in six months. But this was still not enough for the movement and Ben Ali eventually stepped down and fleed the country. By February, all RCD ministers had withdrawn from the government. Tunisia had an internationally recognised constitution by the start of 2014, and between October and November 2019 the country saw its first peaceful transition of power. Tunisia’s reputation as a democratic success has fluctuated as it struggles with constantly-changing governments, ever-present corruption, terrorism and poverty. Things have also been tense between secularists and Islamists who disagree on how the government should be run and regulated. In September 2020, 87% of 1,200 Tunisians interviewed for an International Republican Institute survey said they believed their country was headed in the wrong direction. This is compared with 67% who said the same thing during a similar survey in 2019. Researchers concluded people were most unhappy with corruption in the government and ongoing economic hardship – with the potential to breed nostalgia for the Ben Ali era. Nevertheless, Tunisia has maintained its title as the only Arab Spring success for, in large part, the freedom Tunisians and opposition politicians have to speak up about their grievances. But this is said to have changed, according to journalists and human rights groups, now that Kais Saied has taken over. The former academic suspended parliament, dismissed the government and detained several prominent law-makers last July. At the time, he said he had to take this radical action to prevent the state from collapsing. Saied has begun drawing up an entirely new constitution and plans to put to a referendum this upcoming June. He has promised not to become a dictator. Tunisia’s journalists’ union has claimed Saied has banned government ministers from appearing on state television – making it impossible to question or hold them accountable.  AFCON referee Janny Sikazwe taken to hospital after Tunisia-Mali controversy   Joe Biden to lift travel ban on southern African nations after it failed to stop Omicron  The union’s head, Mehdi Jlassi, said this is the first time he has seen restrictions such as this since before the 2011 revolution. He said: ‘Since July 25, there has been a political decision to prevent all parties from entering television… which is a very dangerous and unprecedented matter that seriously threatens freedom of the press and perpetuates individual power.’ The state television channel, Al-Wataniya, has denied this is the case, insisting it ‘covers all parties’ activities with no exceptions’. Although the channel has featured programmes about protests against Saied, it has not had any political guests since July, according to Reuters. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T50S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/01/13/15/52891089-0-image-a-24_1642087337667.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-01-13T15:21:15+0000","description":"In December 2021, thousands of protesters demonstrated against Tunisian President Kais Saied in the capital, pointing to growing opposition to his seizure of power and suspension of parliament five months ago.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/01/13/960578176241189402/480x270_MP4_960578176241189402.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Saied said on Monday that his country’s local media ‘lie, lie like news bulletins’. Coronavirus restrictions have also given Saied more power over Tunisia, with a new night-time curfew imposed from last Thursday – meaning people should stay in their houses from 10pm to 5am. Saied also ordered ‘the postponement or cancellation of all public gatherings or demonstrations, in closed or open spaces’. These rules, whether designed to or not, will effectively crush any legal protests against Saied or commemorations of the Jasmine Revolution’s 11th anniversary. After the pro-democracy protests started to make some impact in Tunisia, activists in Syria, Libya, Egypt, Yemen, and Bahrain followed suit. All but Tunisia’s movement was quashed with brutal violence from regimes and inter-group conflicts. Indeed, the unrest in Syria culminated in the devastating civil war which has killed around 500,000 people and a refugee crisis affecting millions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!