Human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell says the government’s downfall would be the best birthday present as he turns 70. The veteran activist issued a rallying call to opponents of Boris Johnson amid partygate and the ‘bring-your-own-booze’ drinks at Number 10. His milestone on Tuesday follows 55 years of campaigning – and he told Metro.co.uk he has no plans to retire until well into his 90s. The charity director also has Qatar in his sights ahead of the World Cup, which follows his outspoken criticisms of a crackdown the Gulf state has undertaken on rainbow-coloured toys and David Beckham signing up as a figurehead for the Games. Attitude magazine had planned a public concert on the 25th to mark the brithday but it has been postponed in light of the latest Covid wave. ‘Partygate has set a bad example,’ Tatchell said. ‘Boris can’t distinguish between a party and a work event but I can. I’m determined to follow both the letter and spirit of the rules. ‘That’s why I’ve postponed my big party. I don’t want to put people’s health at risk and add to the Covid burden on the NHS. ‘The best birthday present would be the replacement of this dishonest, corrupt, rule-breaking Tory government with a progressive alliance government of the Labour, Green and Lib Dem parties. ‘Anti-Tories need to put aside their differences and collaborate for the sake of a more just, equal and green Britain. ‘ Born in Australia, the activist’s CV includes his attempted citizen’s arrest on Robert Mugabe in 2001, which led to him being attacked by the Zimbabwean ruler’s bodyguards. He also clashed with Mike Tyson in 2002, confronting the legendary boxer outside his gym in Memphis over his use of homophobic language. The former world heavyweight champion shook Tatchell’s hand and said: ‘I oppose all discrimination against gay people.’ In 1998, the LGBTQ+ figurehead protested against the then Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr George Carey, and he has also opposed Tony Blair, Vladimir Putin and the far right. His many campaigns have meant he was once dubbed ‘the most hated man in Britain’ and have led to 50 attacks on his flat and half a dozen plots to take his life. But the workaholic has no plans to retire, and his international focus in the coming year will be human rights in Qatar and, in the long-run, he will continue to fight for the decriminalisation of homosexuality in nearly 70 countries where it is still a crime. In the UK, he wants an end to what he terms an ‘economic absurdity’ where refugees have to wait for their cases to be decided before they can work. Tatchell’s keen sense of injustice is why he last took a holiday in 2008, when a friend gave him an air ticket and hotel voucher for Antigua. ‘Working 14 hours a day most days is a bit much but I love human rights work,’ he said. ‘There’s huge satisfaction in helping to overturn injustice.’ The Londoner nevertheless keeps up a fitness regime as he plans to remain a thorn in the side of the powers that be for at least two decades to come. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T2M17S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2021/10/28/11/49741211-0-image-a-6_1635416161644.jpg","uploadDate":"2021-10-28T11:18:26+0100","description":"Documentary Hating Peter Tatchell follows the journey of the human rights activist and the struggles he faced.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2021/10/28/3036687092647152746/480x270_MP4_3036687092647152746.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video ‘I take after my grandfather who was active until his early 90s and died aged 97,’ he said. ‘I ride my bicycle around London the same as I did in my 20s and I still do 60 to 80 sit-ups and push-ups daily. ‘My doctor said I have the fitness level of a healthy 25-year old. Fingers crossed that he’s right.’ When the march of time does eventually have its way, Tatchell wants his legacy to be continued through the charity he founded a decade ago. ‘Whatever assets I have will be bequeathed to my Peter Tatchell Foundation to carry on the human rights work that I first began in 1967,’ he said. ‘I’d like my ashes sprinkled in the sea at Brighton, so that whenever my friends went to the ocean they could feel connected to me and my ideals.’ While the birthday will now be a low-key event, it comes on the heels of the release of a documentary, Hating Peter Tatchell, chronicling his work. The film is billed as charting his journey from ‘most hated man in Britain’ to ‘national treasure’. Tatchell wants the Netflix documentary to demonstrate that social change is possible, even in a world with no shortage of malevolent forces. ‘I hope it will inspire a new generation of change-makers,’ he said. ‘It is a snapshot of my thousands of protests and campaigns over the last five decades, since the late 1960s. I’ve done my bit, as have many others. Together, we’ve changed laws and attitudes on LGBTQ+ issues.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!