Game of Thrones star Peter Dinklage has called for HBO to ‘take a risk’ ahead of the release of spin-off House of The Dragon, which comes to the network later this year. The House of Dragon prequel will focus on the Targaryen family history, stars former Doctor Who lead Matt Smith and is adapted from Martin’s book Fire and Blood. With three years having passed since the controversial ending of Game of Thrones, Dinklage, who starred as Tyrion Lannister, has given his thoughts on what the new series will offer. He said: ‘I think, they got mad at the show at the end, because they didn’t want to say goodbye to it, and now there’s another one coming.’ Asked on the WTF with Marc Maron podcast whether he’d be in the show, Peter confirmed ’No, nobody attached the original. ‘But there’s another one because it made them some money, HBO’s back on it. ‘I have an opinion about it,’ he teased, before elaborating: ‘I think it’s going to be a really good show. ‘I know the director and producer, he worked on our show, I think it’s going to be really f**king good. ‘But they took a risk on our show, HBO did, it’s all under new leadership now.’ ‘They took a huge risk on our show, it was a slow start but why don’t they do that again? This isn’t a risk, it’s a proven risk that works,’ he commented. Podcast host Maron pointed out the popularity of fellow HBO series Succession, which just finished up its third season ‘out of nowhere’. Dinklage quickly admitted: ‘I love that show.’ House of the Dragon is one of the most highly-anticipated series’ expected to land in 2022. It tells the story of the family civil war that took place about 300 years before Game of Thrones was set. As well as Smith, others who will feature in the fantasy epic include Paddy Considine, Olivia Cooke, Emma D’Arcy, Rhys Ifans, Steve Toussaint, Eve Best, Fabien Frankel and Graham McTavish. During the same interview, Dinklage, who has a common form of dwarfism known as achondroplasia criticised Disney’s upcoming Snow White and the Seven Dwarf’s remake. He said: ‘Literally no offence to anyone, but I was a little taken aback when they were very proud to cast a Latina actress as Snow White. But you’re still telling the story of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. ‘Take a step back and look at what you’re doing there. It makes no sense to me.’  Secret Invasion: Emilia Clarke spotted keeping warm filming new Marvel series in Leeds   Donald Trump Jr attacks Peter Dinklage over criticism of Disney’s Snow White remake   House of the Dragon wraps up filming as excitement builds for GoT prequel  The actor added: ‘You’re progressive in one way and you’re still making that f**king backwards story about seven dwarfs living in a cave together, what the f**k are you doing man?’ Iconic Disney princess Snow White will be played by West Side Story actress Rachel Zegler, who Peter, 52, said he has ‘love and respect’ for. ‘Have I done nothing to advance the cause from my soap box?’ he then joked. ‘I guess I’m not loud enough.’ House of The Dragon is coming to HBO Max in the US and NOW in the UK. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ioan Gruffudd’s girlfriend Bianca Wallace hits back at Alice Evans’ claims of ‘fake social media accounts’: ‘I don’t have the time or energy’ MORE : Downton Abbey 2 release delayed until late spring Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!