Rachel Stevens feels exactly how we’d be feeling if we were about to take part in Dancing On Ice. The former S Club 7 member, 43, admitted she is ‘terrified’ of making her debut on the rink next weekend. She revealed her only experience on the rink is ‘wobbling around’ at Christmas time with her children. Rachel – who finished second on Strictly Come Dancing in 2008 – will join a star-studded line-up as the ITV show returns on January 16. She told Hello! magazine: ‘I’m so excited – I can’t wait for it all to get started. ‘It’s such a great team of people and I love my partner Brendyn Hatfield, so it’s all super-exciting but terrifying at the same time. Totally terrifying!’ The singer, who shares daughters Amelie, 11, and Minnie, seven, with her husband Alex Bourne, confessed to having little ice skating experience prior to signing up for the competition. She added: ‘I’ve danced and performed for years but doing it on ice means starting something totally from scratch.’ Singing her professional partner’s praises, she added: ‘But I can’t wait to just go for it and have fun – and I’m loving working with Brendyn. He’s just adorable and such a brilliant teacher.’ Discussing criticism that her experience as a pop star and competing on Strictly will give her an advantage, she explained that she is ‘not a trained dancer’ but rather ‘learned on the job.’ Rachel said that ‘dancing with a partner is so different to the kind of things I did when I was in a band.’ ‘Of course, if you’re a performer you’ve got that experience behind you, but I think everyone’s got to just bring themselves to the show,’ she shared. Rachel reckons ‘people enjoy watching the journey’ of novices picking up skills and improving each week. The pop star added that balancing the demanding rehearsal schedule and her other work and family life had been stressful and she’s just ‘muddling my way through it all.’ Rachel confessed to ‘stressing out, trying to get everything done,’ but she tries to not be too hard on herself since rarely anyone ‘has a 9 to 5 job anymore.’ ‘It’s OK – we’re all human.’ The star – shot to fame as part of the chart-topping band between 1999-2003 and later embarked on a successful solo career – also revealed that she still keeps in contact with her former S Club 7 bandmates. Rachel said she would be open to the idea of a reunion, but only if all seven of them were involved. S Club 7 formed in 1998, with fellow members Bradley McIntosh, Hannah Spearritt, Jo O’Meara, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole and Tina Barrett. They are best known for hits such as Reach, Bring It All Back, S Club Party and Never Had a Dream Come True. The band reformed for an appearance on BBC’s ­Children In Need in 2014 and went on to complete a 15th-anniversary tour in 2015. Meanwhile, Dancing On Ice returns next Sunday, and viewers can look forward to more impressive routines and nail-biting lifts, after host Phillip Schofield confessed the show is ‘incredibly dangerous,’ despite being fun.  Emmerdale spoilers: New video reveals the moment Manpreet rescues Vinny from Meena   Coronation Street spoilers: Joseph found dead after going missing?   Who was the third celebrity unmasked on The Masked Singer UK?  ‘I think it is incredibly dangerous. Ice skates are very sharp and so we have had nasty cuts, we have had big falls. And a fall is always great fun so long as nobody hurts themselves. That’s the bottom line,’ he told an online panel. Rachel’s full interview is in Hello! is out now. Dancing On Ice returns on January 16 at 6:20pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Singer UK: Who has been unmasked so far? MORE : Loose Women bosses deny claims panel ‘refused to work’ with Coleen Nolan amid behind-the-scenes drama Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!