Dani Dyer has shared an emotional Instagram tribute to her son on his first birthday. The former Love Island star, 25, gave birth to little Santiago one year ago, and they’ve celebrated in style with a massive cake. Dani shared a series of adorable snaps with her 3.4million followers, showing the tot digging into the white cake and having such a great time that he ended up with jam all over his arms. Alongside the pics of her son’s cheeky smile, Dani wrote a loving message to her boy, in disbelief at how quickly the year has passed. ‘And just like that my baby boy is 1,’ she began. ‘Santi you made me a mummy and I’m so grateful, you have brought me so much happiness and watching you grow into a funny/ cheeky little boy every day has made me so proud. ‘I can’t wait to celebrate your special day, thank you for giving me one of the best years of my life❤️’ She concluded by telling her son that he is her ‘absolute world and more.’ ‘You showed me what unconditional love is✨’ Fans of the reality star flooded her comments with birthday wishes, equally as shocked that he is already one-years-old. ‘As if he’s 1 already. He’s grown up so quickly happy birthday Santiago ❤️,’ wrote one. ‘How quick has that gone!! Aww happy birthday lil dude. Have the best day xx’ added another. Former TOWIE star Amy Childs also sent her love, commenting: ‘Happy birthday Santi ❤️xxx’ Dani frequently melts hearts by sharing cute pics of Santiago online, and at the end of 2021, shut down mum shamers who said her son started crawling too late. In a Q&A, she insisted there is ‘no need to ever compare babies’ by reminding her followers that the opinions of ‘judgemental mums’ are ‘more of a reflection on them’ than anything else. Dani shares Santiago with ex Sammy Kimmence, who was jailed for scamming pensioners out of thousands of pounds. The podcast host recently found love again after raising her son singlehandedly for much of the first year.  Danny Dyer ‘offered £1,000,000 to star in Kardashian-style reality show’   Danny Dyer denies he has fallen out with cast as he addresses EastEnders exit   Dani Dyer slams ‘negative mums’ who claim her baby son was late learning to crawl  She is now dating West Ham United footballer Jarrod Bowen, with whom she went Instagram official earlier this month, sharing a photograph of them sipping champagne together. The mum of one has assured, however, that whatever happens in her love life, ‘Santi will always be my main priority, he will always come first.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Towie’s Cara Kilbey expecting baby number three after suffering ectopic pregnancy MORE : Gemma Collins falls off horse during wholesome day with fiance Rami Hawash and stepson but vows to ‘not give up’ Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!