The Air Force chief noted that NAF was in a pitiable state prior to the coming on board of the incumbent government. Naija News reports that Amao boasted that the force has now a total of 38 new aircraft inducted into its inventory. According to him, the latest addition to the fleet included the 12 A-29 Super Tucano aircraft recently acquired by the government. Amao said while some of the aircraft had been deployed to tackle insecurity in some parts of the country, the others were being used to upscale its pilots’ training. He also disclosed that 173 pilots have been trained in the last six years with additional 155 student pilots undergoing training. Naija News understands that the air chief shared the development in the latest edition of the Airman, a magazine of the Nigerian Air Force. He said: “Prior to the coming on board of the President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration in 2015, the NAF was in the pitiable state owing to neglect as most of its platforms were grounded or in states of disrepair. “The NAF can now boast of 38 brand new aircraft to tackle various security challenges and upscale its pilots’ training. “The latest addition to the list is the A-29 Super Tucano aircraft which were recently inducted into the NAF order of Battle. “The acquisitions and reactivation, as well as the emplacement of a robust logistics support structure, have enabled the NAF to raise the serviceability status from about 35 per cent in 2015 to about 72 per cent as of September 2021.” Amao explained further that the Air Force has introduced 11 new doctrines to guide its operations. The doctrines according to the air chief are based on analysis of the contemporary security environment as well as operational experiences, adding that competencies in the Air Force are now being guided by the doctrines. He assured Nigerians that the Air Force, in synergy with other security agencies, would continue to sustain its air operations against all criminal elements in the country to enable law-abiding citizens to carry out their legitimate duties without fear. This article was originally published on Naija News Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!