Jamie Redknapp warned Jadon Sancho he had a ‘massive challenge’ on his hands to turn his situation around following Manchester United’s 2-2 draw with Aston Villa, with the forward’s lack of ‘pace to run past people’ a ‘real worry’. Sancho started United’s 1-0 defeat at home to Wolves last Monday, but had to settle for a place among the substitutes this weekend as Ralf Rangnick’s men travelled to Villa Park in the Premier League. The Red Devils had looked to be cruising towards a comfortable away victory as Bruno Fernandes scored his second of the evening in the 67th minute, with Emiliano Martinez’s howler gifting the visitors an early opener. But Villa loanee Philippe Coutinho was introduced just moments later and the Brazilian helped set up Jacob Ramsey’s 77th-minute strike before he got on the scoresheet himself to equalise in front of a rapturous Holte End. Rangnick will have hoped for Sancho to make a similar impact off the bench as he threw the England international on for Anthony Elanga, but the winger once again flattered to deceive across an underwhelming 20-minute cameo. ‘He’s got a massive challenge on,’ the former Liverpool, Tottenham and England midfielder said. ‘He came on the pitch today and didn’t make any impact. When you’re coming on you’re hoping you might create a little bit of magic, but in the end you come on and you end up drawing 2-2. You’re meant to be the player that’s going to help the team. ‘He’s low on confidence. We talk about confidence a lot in football and I watch him playing… he’s a shadow of the player we saw in the Bundesliga. When I saw him there he looked good in close areas. ‘My biggest worry about him is that he hasn’t got pace to run past people. Manchester United have always had amazing wingers that run with the ball, not just in tight areas, but they’ve also got the pace to run in beyond and that’s why Rangnick has gone with Elanga today. ‘The first two minutes minutes of the game he [Elanga] ran and chased it… Sancho doesn’t do that so that’s a real worry for him.’ Redknapp urged Sancho to put in the hard yards on the training ground to give himself the best possible chance of getting back into Rangnick’s starting XI. ‘What can he do? He’s got to show some character and say, “Yeah, I’m up for this challenge!”,’ he added. ‘He’s got to train well, play well, live right, and then maybe you can back in this team.’ United academy product Elanga caught the eye on his first Premier League start of the season and Rangnick made sure to praise the youngster’s performance in his post-match interview with Sky Sports. ‘He did well. He had two great opportunities himself to score, but he showed what I expected him to show,’ the United interim boss said. ‘That’s why I started to play him from the start.’  Emmerdale spoilers: Liv wishes to die as she is attacked in brutal prison assault   EastEnders confirms return for Ash Panesar   Emmerdale spoilers: Chas’ rage as Al ‘destroys Grace’s memorial’ in sickening new move  Asked whether the 19-year-old was now ahead of Sancho in his thinking, Rangnick replied: ‘Well we’ve got so many games to play, I’m not thinking who is ahead of who. ‘Today, it was the decision to play him [Elanga] from the start, but we have so many games coming up that it could be different in the next game.’ MORE : ‘The kid looks lost’ – Roy Keane says ‘something is amiss’ with Manchester United star Marcus Rashford MORE : Philippe Coutinho reacts to dramatic late equaliser on Aston Villa debut against Manchester United Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!