 According to Punch, before the start of the tournation, the Nigeria Football Federation and the Eagles reached an agreement over the mode of payment for wins and draw at the tournament. The Eagles are expected to receive the sum of $5000 for a win and $2,500 for a draw following the meeting. “There is an agreement that the players will receive  $5000 for a win and half of that for a draw, while they won’t get a dime for losing,” an Eagles official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said. This means that each player will receive $15,000 for winning all their group matches. The players and officials of the team would be paid their bonuses in full after they qualified from the group stage of the competition. The three-time African champions will also receive outstanding bonuses for two previous matches, a team official told PUNCH Sports Extra in Garoua. “We don’t discuss how we pay players their bonuses in the media,” our source added. “Has any player complained? We are focused on our mission here and won’t want to be distracted by these issues. “There is an agreement with the players’ representatives, coaches and the NFF officials on how everybody will be paid and we will keep up to our promises when the time comes. All we want is the boys to be focused and in doing that we have promised to keep to the agreement.” Recall that Nigeria topped the Group D with 9 points after beating Egypt 1-0 in the first game, Sudan 3-1 in their second match  and, Guinea-Bissau 2-0 in the last group match. Nigeria also emerged the only team to win all their group matches in the ongoing tournament. AFCON: Otedola promises Super Eagles $250,000 if they win the tournament  AFCON 2021: Eguavoen only entitled to match bonuses, won’t earn salary – NFF President, Amaju Pinnick says  AFCON 2021: Eguavoen turned Super Eagles squad to one family – Iwobi  The post See how much will be giving to each Super Eagles player for winning all group matches appeared first on Expressive Info. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!