Is there a better way to feel fresh for the rest of the year than to boost your own cleanliness? If you’re worried about the cocktails of chemicals some soaps on the market use, then worry no longer. For adults, kids and everyone in-between, we’ve rounded up the most spectacular plastic-free soaps for hands, body and hair. This koala-shaped shampoo bar has been made with 98% natural ingredients, and the star of the show is Australian macadamia nut oil – one of the best frizz-fighters around. Buy for £9.99 from Boots. Antioxidant chai tea is the inspiration for this soap, and although it’s unlikely to offer the same health benefits (and we certainly don’t recommend eating it to find out), it smells just as good, and the addition of pink clay makes it a great option for sensitive skin. Buy for £4.99 from Upcircle Beauty. This two-toned soap, which smells of sweet tangerine and comes in a reusable travel tin, is a great way to liven up kids’ bath times. The downside? They’ll never want to get out. Buy for £10 from Rowdy Kind. Trust us – you’ll struggle to find a soap packed with more loveliness than this one, whether it’s the hit of wild mint, the generous use of shea butter or the splash of coconut oil. Buy for £11 from Look Fantastic. Glossier’s pastel-pink soap bar contains sunflower seed oil and aloe leaf juice, for a double-whammy of moisturising marvellousness teamed with some serious scrubbing power, courtesy of biodegradable bamboo powder. Buy for £12 from Glossier. A powerful combination of coconut derivatives, oat silk, pink clay and ceramides makes this soap, made with 95% plant-derived ingredients, a brilliant treat for your hair and scalp. Buy for £14.99 from Solidamie.  What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle   Aldi and Lidl shoppers can get paid £30 every time they shop the middle aisles   What’s in the Middle of Lidl this week? Top picks from the middle aisle  Sculpture-like rectangles of perfectly-formed soap are overrated. Buy a bag of grüum’s soap offcuts (from £19 for a 500g bag) and you’ll be reducing waste, as well as treating your skin – the brand’s England-made SLS-free and additive-free soaps smell fantastic. Buy from £19 from grüum. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Selena Gomez’s Rare Beauty to launch in the UK MORE : Fermented beauty is a big skincare trend for 2022 – this is what it means MORE : Euphoria’s nail artist reveals the trend-setting styles we’ll see this season Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!