As an entrepreneur or business owner in Nigeria looking for Federal Government Loan programmes to boost your business this year 2022 this post is for you. The Buhari-led government is working tirelessly to resuscitate the economy after the negative impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic last year on the income of Small and Medium Enterprise owners in the country through intervention loan programmes. These loan programmes are focused on Youths and general MSMEs in which the Federal Government have initiated and thousands of beneficiaries have already benefited. Below is the list of Federal Government Loan Programmes you can apply for this year The Tertiary Institution Entrepreneurship Scheme (TIES Loan Programme) is focused on Nigerian Graduates and undergraduates in an accredited University or Polytechnic in Nigeria. The CBN N500M undergraduate and Graduates loan is created under the Tertiary Institutions Entrepreneurship Scheme (TIES), in collaboration with Nigerian universities and polytechnics to harness the potential of graduate entrepreneurs in Nigeria. Graduates not more than 7 years of graduation are eligible to apply for up to N25 Million in the Loan Programme.  The Agri-Business/Small and Medium Enterprise Investment Scheme (AGMEIS) is an initiative to support the Federal Government’s efforts and policy measures for the promotion of agricultural businesses and small/medium enterprises (SMEs) as vehicles for sustainable economic development and employment generation. Applicants of this Loan Programme can access up to N10million without Collateral at 5% interest per Annum till Feb 2022 and a 9% interest rate for other years, for up to 5 years. The Moratorium is usually 12 months. AGSMEIS Loan is currently ongoing and accessible to Entrepreneurs in various industries ranging from Agriculture to Creative, Hospitality Industries etc.  The Non-Interest Window Loan For COVID-19 TCF was recently initiated by President Mohammadu Buhari led administration through the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) in corporation with Nirsal Microfinance Bank in order to extend support to businesses and households that have been impacted negatively by the Covid-19 pandemic. The Nirsal Microfinance Bank Non-Interest Window Loan offers a financing limit of N2,500,000 worth of equipment for MSME’s and N1,000,000 for households. All Credit Facilities which the Non-interest Banking Window of the Targeted Credit Facility TCF are for the purchase of Equipment/Goods ONLY.  The Federal Government currently restarted the application of the Nigeria Youth Investment Fund for eligible youths who wants to take the advantage of the programme to improve themselves. The Nigeria Youth Investment Fund (NYIF) is an N75 Billion Loan Programme initiated by President Mohammadu Buhari led administration to invest in the innovative skills and enterprise of young Nigerians. The loan has a single-digit APR of 5% and a moratorium of 12 months before repayment. The Nigeria Youth Investment Fund was approved by Federal Executive Council in July 2020.  If you are a serving member of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) or an ex Corper and you already have a running business or business idea looking for Federal Government Loan to boost or start up your business, then this is an opportunity for you to apply for the ongoing NYSC Business Loan. The National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) Business Loan was launched by CBN, through Heritage Bank, and in partnership with Youth Innovative Entrepreneurship Development Programme (YIEDP) to help graduates start a business, be self-employed, and to enable them to create employment opportunities for other people around them.  The FMBN has numerous loan and credit facilities that are of big benefit to Nigerians, especially to low and medium-income earners. One of its biggest loan facilities is the National Housing Fund (NHF) which enables low-income earners who are not able to have a house, build a house of their own.  The Government Enterprise & Empowerment Programme (GEEP) is a direct effort of the Federal Government of Nigeria through the Bank of Industry to break a multi-decade jinx of economic growth without shared prosperity. It is an initiative by the Federal Government of Nigeria to provide financial inclusion and access to micro-credit for Nigerians at the bottom of the economic pyramid. GEEP 2.0, a continuation of the Federal Government Enterprise and Empowerment Loan Programme under the National Social Investment Programme (NSIP) is ongoing.  You can also apply using the USSD code which was recently introduced by the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development for the GEEP 2.0 How to Register for GEEP 2.0 1. Dial *4255*21# 2. Set up 6 digit withdrawal pin 3. Enter your Trade Name, e.g. Muhammed and Sons Enterprise 4. Enter Type of Business/Trade e.g., Rice, Maize or cassava Processing, Tailoring, etc 5.  Proceed to provide Answers to all the USSD code queries and Submit When successful, a pop-up message will indicate that the Registration was a success. Kindly note that due to network glitches resulting from a large number of Nigerians trying to use the USSD code, error messages may occur at intervals. Applicants are advised to continue trying until it is successful. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!