The clash has seen houses, maize barns, motorcycles and other valuables destroyed. It was gathered that the clash started on Wednesday when the herdsmen and some Ohori farmers engaged one another in a bloody clash at Idofa village, which led to the loss of lives and properties worth millions of naira. The development saw the people of the affected community chase the herdsmen from their village to Idofa in Imeko, killing three of them and their cows. A source that spoke with Daily Trust disclosed that herdsmen in a reprisal attack killed two people, as one of them was burnt beyond recognition. He said, “The Aworo people chased the herdsmen from Yewa North to Idofa in Imeko. They killed three of them there and killed their cows. “On Thursday, the herdsmen returned in the dead of the night to launch an attack. They killed two persons, set houses and other properties on fire. One of those killed was burnt in a house beyond recognition. It took the intervention of the police and the Amotekun corps to calm the situation. “As we are talking, many Ohoris are injured, hundreds are now displaced at Imeko town. We need the attention of the Federal and State Governments to take care of the displaced persons.” The spokesperson of the state police command, Abimbola Oyeyemi, who confirmed the development said no arrest has been made. Oyeyemi said, “We heard about it. It is an unfortunate incident and we are investigating it. We have called on all stakeholders, including the Fulani communities that have been living in that place, who testified that they did not even know the reason for the attack. “We are investigating to ensure that those who carried out that dastardly act is apprehended in other not to cause further crises. “The situation is under control as more policemen have been deployed to the place. The Commissioner of Police has directed that the Area Commander should take charge of the security situation in the area. “No arrest has been made yet, but we are on it and we are sure that those who committed that act will be apprehended.” This article was originally published on Naija News Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!