Ex-WWE star Braun Strowman has asked Bray Wyatt to join him for an epic Wyatt Family reunion this weekend. The former world champion – who is going by his real name Adam Scherr after his shock release last summer – is set to team up with Erick Rowan (Redbeard) later today against Bully Ray and Enzo Amore at Northeast Wrestling WrestleFest XXVI, but he wants more. Speaking on Control Your Narrative, he referenced a YouTube video by ITBeginsAgain – a channel run by a fan of Wyatt – which teased the idea of a full Family reunion. Scherr said: ‘You know, you guys have heard that noise before, right? If you haven’t seen what I’m talking about, just type in YouTube when you get done watching us, “Windham Rotunda” and he’s up to something… ‘He flashed a graphic of Erick [Redbeard] and I versus nZo and Bubba [Bully Ray] this weekend in Poughkeepsie so, friend or foe, Windham, show up, come to Poughkeepsie. ‘Answer your damn phone, anything. You wanna get these [hands]? Come get ‘em. You wanna come be my brother? Come on. I’m sure Erick would love to see you as well as the rest of the wrestling universe so, yeah, there’s that.’ Fans would be delighted to see all three men – who were part of the iconic WWE group with the late, great Luke Harper – back together again. It’s not clear what Wyatt – real name Windham Rotunda – has planned in the wrestling world, with his next big move coming in Hollywood as he works on his first feature film. As we confirmed at the time, Bray was due to start shooting a sinister horror movie at the end of November.  Kate McKinnon transforms into Carole Baskin in chilling Joe Exotic series trailer   Funniest moments of Meat Loaf remembered as late singer dies, from Bo’ Selecta! to SNL   Jon Moxley has perfect response to AEW fan who called him a ‘drunken piece of trash’  Ahead of filming, Callosum Studios owner and special makeup effects artist Jason exclusively told Metro.co.uk: ‘He’s a phenomenal collaborator, he’s become a really good friend, and we’re actually – you’re the first person that we’re publicly telling about [this]. We’re starting a film at the end of the month.’ ‘It’s a feature film and it’s something really new and different. I’d say probably the best way to describe it is Ichi the Killer meets Xanadu,’ he added. ‘We’re going in a completely different direction, a whole new thing… It should be fun. Hopefully fans of horror and fans of Windham like it!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Bray Wyatt’s Firefly Fun House: Collaborator Jason Baker on unseen characters, Vince McMahon involvement and more MORE : Ex-WWE stars Braun Strowman and Erick Rowan in fantastic shape for Wyatt Family reunion Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!