Madonna appears to have had a tough start the new year after revealing she’s been ‘beaten up by life’. The Like A Virgin singer returned to Instagram this week with her latest set of images that no doubt left her followers’ jaws open. Modelling a silk gold and black patterned robe from Versace, one of the snaps shows Madonna, 63, with her left leg raised in the air with a particularly large and dark red bruise seen across her thigh. Another photo shows a close-up of the injury which is much bigger than it seemed in the previous glimpse, extending from the top of her thigh to her knee. In the caption, the singer wrote: ‘Life has beaten me up! Do you think I give a Fuck. Only the Devil Cares….,,,,,,,,,,, HOMEWEAR………….. @versace.’ It’s not known how Madonna actually got the bruise but she clearly isn’t stopping her from looking chic on the ‘gram. Selling Sunset star Christine Quinn sent love to the singer and commented: ‘Resilient queen,’ while other followers expressed concern for her leg injury. The final image in the Instagram post sees Madonna posing in an interesting position, sitting backwards on a fairly swanky toilet. It’s reminiscent of recent photos, where she was controversially seen posing under a bed with her bum on show, sparking tons of memes. Madonna has been enjoying downtime in recent weeks with the pop icon jetting off to Saanen, Switzerland with her six children; Lourdes Leon, 25, Rocco Ritchie, 21, David Banda, 16, Mercy, 15, and twins Estere and Stella, nine.  Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly engaged: ‘I said yes…then we drank each other’s blood’   Scream 5 theories from new Ghostface killer to shock death of main trio   Kim Kardashian ‘suffers another Photoshop fail’ as fans notice warped selfie  ‘Farewell Gstaad……….We will never forget your Mountains or your Moonshine!’ Madonna captioned a photo of her posing with her large brood and other family members. It seems one of Madonna’s children will be following in her footsteps as the Vogue hitmaker shared footage of her daughter Mercy, showing off her impressive skills on the piano. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hitman’s Wife’s Bodyguard screenwriter Brandon Murphy dies aged 43 months after blockbuster release MORE : Jason Momoa and Lisa Bonet end marriage after 16 years together: ‘The love between us carries on’ Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!