Readers discuss their favourite FromSoftware and Dark Souls inspired games, as they eagerly await getting stuck into Elden Ring. The subject for this week’s Hot Topic was suggested by reader Cable, who was obviously inspired by the release of Elden Ring and the huge influence developer FromSofware has had on modern gaming. Everyone had a favourite, even Dark Souls 2, but it was fascinating to see how many people felt they’d never be able to beat the games at first and how pleased they were to prove themselves wrong in the end. Bring it onI’m a big fan of From’s games and have completed them all apart from Sekiro. I just couldn’t seem to get on with the combat in that game as well as the others. I have many memories of playing Soulsbourne games, but my standout memory still sends a shudder down my spine when thinking about it. Fume Knight from Dark Souls 2 DLC took me over 20 hours to beat. I’d done whatever was needed to stop him healing himself and the boss run to get to the fight was very short, but I failed time after time. I eventually mastered his first stage, but halfway through when he buffed himself, I tended to panic and mess up. After 20+ hours, I caved in and summoned another player. Old Fumey was soon vanquished and my sanity restored. I’m looking forward to exploring the Lands Between and seeing what torture From are going to inflict on me this time.Coinslot- (PSN ID) Focus or dieOK, so there’s this Sekiro boss named Shikibu Toshikatsu Yamauchi, he’s the one that’s chilling and doing stretches outside his house, and you can sneak up on him. Anyway, old Shikibu isn’t really that distinguishable from the other bosses, apart from the tree stump just outside his house. This innocuous looking tree stump caused me to die over and over, as I would inevitably forget about it and it would get in the way of a dodge or hem me in, allowing the boss to stab me to ribbons. I think this stump perfectly captures Fromsoftware’s approach to difficulty in their games, or at least the two I’ve played anyway. The challenge is really curated, and I feel that this stump was carefully added, maybe after some playtesting, to increase the frustration and make the player focus on their surroundings or die. That, coupled with other harsh punishments for failure – Sekiro likes to permanently steal your XP and money, Demon’s Souls has an allergy to checkpoints – are why they have such a fearsome reputation. Also, and this might be recency bias, but I hated that character in Demon’s Souls that insists on telling me I have a ‘heart of gold’ every time I talk to him. Who does he think he is, Neil Young? Anyway, I obviously love FromSoftware’s games so far.ANON Crazy naked guyI loved fighting the Yellow King guy from Demon’s Souls. I did the fight multiple times but my favourite one was when some naked guy with no weapons somehow managed to convince me to also get naked and we just pummelled each other with fists in a very protracted battle. Was very unusual but funny and fun! I have generally loved the whole multiplayer aspect, but I wish the PvP fights were more like for honour and less like just circling each other trying to get a back stab. Can’t see Elden Ring being any different but I still can’t wait for Friday.TommyFatFingers E-mail your comments to: gamecentral@metro.co.uk A fair copI have played and completed Dark Souls (360) and Demon’s Souls (PS5) but also abandoned Demon’s Souls (PS3) and Bloodborne (PS4). I always intended to return to Bloodborne but never got around to it, maybe if it gets a PlayStation 6 remake. The most significant moment in those games for me was Ornstein and Smough, as I did not summon anyone and was stuck there for a very long time. The relief after defeating them was far greater than anything else I have experienced in gaming. It was the only time I have ever jumped out of my seat and cheered whilst playing a game. I like that the FromSoftware games are challenging, it is their main appeal. However, I can find hard games draining. I do want to play Elden Ring, but I played Halo Infinite on Legendary over the Christmas break and will need to recuperate before tackling another very hard game. I found a few of the bosses and the last Hunter pair in Halo Infinite too hard and all I felt after beating them was numb, no jubilation at all. This is the complete opposite of From games and the difference seems to be fairness. Like many people have said before, the deaths in FromSoftware games were my fault and due to that the victories felt earned. Whereas in Halo Infinite many of the deaths felt cheap and the victories were more absences of unwinnable scenarios than triumphant demonstrations of skill. I felt luckier not superior. Hollow Knight is the obvious answer for a great game that is clearly influenced by FromSoftware’s games but I have also liked the structural similarities in Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order and particularly liked how they implemented difficulty options. Last year’s Death’s Door also seemed to garner quite a few comparisons but was quite different and also easier. Similarly, to Hollow Knight I found the camera position in Death’s Door made it far easier to see (and then avoid) attacks compared to FromSoftware’s games.PazJohnMitch Delayed responseI jumped into the Soulsborne world with a purchase of Dark Souls: Prepare To Die edition on Steam in July 2013, for the fantastic price of £4.99 – when Steam sales were truly marvellous. The game had been out for over a year at that point and the Inbox had been filled with Dark Souls praise on an ongoing basis, so I felt for £5 I would take the plunge. Now, whilst I had seen and was aware of the praise for the game, I hadn’t really read much more into it. So, naturally, once I installed the game and began my adventure, I made the classic mistake of heading straight to the graveyard. After an hour of constant deaths and zero progress I lost all patience with the game and questioned why it was so highly regarded. It then sat unopened on my desktop for another year before a change in circumstances saw me with a month of free time before I went travelling. So, I gave it another go, and this time it all came together. I’ll admit, I followed a guide of sorts and I summoned help, quite often. I actually don’t know how some of the secrets would be found if you didn’t know about them. As I progressed and opened up shortcuts to previous locations in the game, I marvelled at the game design. The feeling of besting a boss after countless attempts took me back to the jubilation of gaming on the NES, where one mistake often ended your game. Dark Souls is, to me, one of the best games ever made. I somehow missed the sequel and suppose the lucklustre reviews – at least in comparing it to Dark Souls – dampened my enthusiasm. I briefly stayed at a friend’s a few years back, who happened to have a PlayStation 4, and I played through half of Bloodborne before moving out – I got stuck at the big shell thing on the water. This is the one I’m still eager to play again and hoping Sony port it to PC. Dark Souls 3 is also fantastic, but the revisit to some Dark Souls 1 locations maybe takes away some originality. Though, it is nice to go back to those locations. The overall gameplay is fantastic, and I thoroughly enjoyed my time with the game. And that brings us to Elden Ring. I’m glad that From have seen the need to innovate. While some developers would have been happy churning out Dark Souls 4, 5, etc. I will definitely get it at some point, but maybe not at release as I don’t really have the time to dedicate to a From game at the moment. Saying that, a 10/10 from GC would probably make me feel like I’m massively missing out, leading me to get it immediately!Matt A long weekI love all the FromSoftware games, I genuinely think they are the best developer working in gaming today and the thought of getting my teeth into Elden Ring, and its extra large game world, is almost too much to bear as I plod through the week at work. At the moment though my favourite is Bloodborne, which I consider to be the best game ever made. I don’t expect Elden Ring to have the same atmosphere, so I’m not sure it’ll overtake it, but I’m sure in gameplay terms it will give it a run for its money.Sturgeon  American Wordle players left confused and angry by British word   PlayStation Game Pass close to launching – charges £12 a month for retro games   Elden Ring beginner’s guide – 10 top tips and tricks to get you started  Dark memoriesThere are so many great memories of my first FromSoft experience with Dark Souls and every follow-up game has reproduced nearly all of them in some way or another. That revelation and pleasant relief when you realise you’ve unlocked a shortcut looping back to a familiar area. The uncanny feeling of playing through the Undead Parish that made it feel like an 80s fantasy game developed with current tech, making it all feel somehow more pure in a modern context. That refreshing, quiet dignity where there’s no need for constant dialogue, voice acting or other unnecessary noise. No painstakingly animated faces or lip synch or other modern resource sinks, just detail where it actually mattered. Just a big giant armoured boar standing 50 yards away staring at you in silence. Realising how much weight goes into your stats and how much difference an extra couple of strength or stamina points make during an early struggle. Same with equipment, when simply using the Black Knight shield to block fire 100% is the difference between Quelaag being a push over or a total nightmare. Even now, stats and equipment feel so trivial in other action games in comparison. That empowering New Game+ feeling of getting to certain areas in 20 minutes when it previously took five hours. Less about the eventual victory moment with a hard boss and more about the epiphany that comes shortly before it, when you realise exactly how to fight it and win relatively easily. Unlocking the final achievement after 120 hours of compulsion spread over two months (probably the longest time I’d played one single-player game at that time). I was down in the catacombs and I just stood for a minute gazing into the abyss before deliberately stepping off the rocks to my death. I’ll be playing Elden Ring all weekend and it’s the most excited I’ve been for a game in years.Panda E-mail your comments to: gamecentral@metro.co.uk The small printNew Inbox updates appear every weekday morning, with special Hot Topic Inboxes at the weekend. Readers’ letters are used on merit and may be edited for length and content. You can also submit your own 500 to 600-word Reader’s Feature at any time, which if used will be shown in the next available weekend slot. You can also leave your comments below and don’t forget to follow us on Twitter. MORE : Games Inbox: Elden Ring game of the year, Street Fighter 6 dissent, and Sol Cresta disappointment MORE : Games Inbox: Elden Ring being too hard, Elden Ring vs. Bloodborne, and avoiding Elden Ring invasions MORE : Games Inbox: Gran Turismo 7 vs. Forza, PlayStation VR2 price, and Street Fighter 6 logo Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!