AEW star Eddie Kingston has warned old rival Cesaro about his next move after leaving WWE. The Swiss Superman – who worked under his real name Claudio Castagnoli before joining Vince McMahon’s company in 2011 – had a feud with the Mad King in CHIKARA, and the brawler referenced their history after news broke that Cesaro is now a free agent. Almost teasing the former United States Champion to join him in Tony Khan’s All Elite Wrestling, Eddie suggested his old rival won’t have the guts to make the move. He teased on Twitter: ‘All I am going to say is, he doesn’t have the balls to come to AEW.’ It’s not the first time Kingston’s taken a shot at Cesaro – who is highly respected by his peers and fans around the world – and late last year he suggested things could get interested if they ever end up on the same roster. Speaking to NY News 12 Long Island in December, he said: ‘There’s certain people in wrestling I do not like. [CM Punk] is one. Cesaro is another one, the big Swiss idiot in WWE. ‘I know him as Claudio. I don’t like him, I don’t respect him. If he ever comes here, we’re going to have a problem. Or whenever his contract’s up. I don’t even pay attention to what he does. But guys like that, I just don’t like, don’t respect.’ Kingston’s response has left fans guesses how real their rivalry is, which could add another layer of intrigue if Cesaro does end up signing with AEW. On Thursday, PWInsider and Fightful reported that the wrestler had left WWE at the end of his contract after the two sides failed to reach an agreement on an extension.  Beyonce cameo in Kanye West’s Jeen-Yuhs as she secretly dated Jay Z sends fans wild   John Cena slammed for ‘using Ukraine invasion’ to promote Peacemaker in ‘tone deaf’ tweet   WWE star Cesaro leaves company after 10 years in shock exit  Other stars have responded to the news with more respect for Cesaro, as Seth Rollins simply shared a gif of the Swiss wrestler hitting his stunning UFO move on the visionary at WrestleMania 37. Seth’s wife Becky Lynch posted a backstage photo of herself with Cesaro and his The Bar teammate Sheamus, while ex-WWE broadcaster Renee Young (Paquette) added: ‘Claudio rules. We all already knew that.’ And former WWE star Sin Cara wrote: ‘I wish you the best in this new stage of your career friend @WWECesaro! Without a doubt one of the best wrestlers with whom I have had the honor of fighting.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Cesaro leaves company after 10 years in shock exit MORE : Cesaro wishes WWE bosses had kept up momentum after WrestleMania run as he compares ‘heartbreak’ to local football team Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!