Dame Helen Mirren has said being chosen for a lifetime achievement award by the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) has caused her to reflect on the ‘end of the road’ of her acting career. The Oscar-winning actress will be the 57th recipient of the prestigious prize at SAG’s 28th annual ceremony in Los Angeles this Sunday. Previous recipients have included Robert De Niro, Morgan Freeman and the late Betty White. Across her 50-year acting career, which began with 1969 rom-com Age of Consent, she has played everything from a gangster’s girlfriend in 1980 movie The Long Good Friday to Elizabeth II in the 2006 drama The Queen. Speaking about the award on ITV’s Lorraine, she said: ‘I didn’t quite grasp how big a deal it was. ‘It’s a funny moment that, of course, there’s a great feeling of pride and: “Wow, me? Really?”‘ She added she felt ‘a slight sting in the tail as well’ as the realisation she was ‘in a way coming to the end of the road’ dawned. Taking a moment to reflect on the accolade she would be receiving, the 76-year-old shared that she had considered whether or not she deserved it: ‘Was it luck or was it agency on my part?’ Last week, Dame Helen spoke to You magazine about her imposter syndrome as she prepares to receive the award, saying: ‘it’s extraordinary. I genuinely do not feel I remotely deserve it, except that I’m still alive and working.’ With 13 SAG Award nominations and five wins, Dame Helen is the most decorated SAG lifetime achievement recipient. The award, which will add to her collection of three Golden Globes and four Primetime Emmys will be presented to her by fellow Oscar-winning actress Kate Winslet.  Eamonn Holmes blasts ‘bizarre’ tribute to Phillip Schofield’s 40 year celebration   Phillip Schofield joined by wife Stephanie and daughter Molly to mark his 40 years in TV   It’s A Sin star Olly Alexander addresses possibility of Doctor Who cameo  The Catherine the Great star was made a Dame in the Queen’s 2003 Birthday Honours for her services to drama. Lorraine weekdays is on at 9am on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Golda film producer admits to ‘stirring’ Jewish casting controversy surrounding Dame Helen Mirren for ‘publicity’ MORE : Dame Helen Mirren strongly defends the BBC amid licence fee row as she slams politicians for turning ‘beady eyes’ on the broadcaster Michael Kuhn spoke about the publicity the film was getting with Princess Anne (Pictures: Rex) Film producer Michael Kuhn has said he was ‘stirring’ the controversy around whether non-Jewish actors could play Jewish characters in his latest film, Golda. The 73-year-old, who was honoured with a CBE this week for… In "Metro" Dame Helen Mirren has shared her feelings about the BBC ahead of the release of her new film the Duke, in which she plays the wife of a man who refused to pay his TV licence In "Entertainment" Zendaya fans weren’t too convinced by the waxwork (Picture: Jonathan Short/Rex/Shutterstock) Madame Tussauds has issued a response after Zendaya fans were left utterly confused by the waxwork that isn’t quite a perfect match to the Spider-Man: No Way Home star. The actress is the newest addition to London’s wax museum,… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!