 According to him, “Many have also blamed Nollywood for featuring money r!tuals in some of its movies, saying this has negatively influenced the vulnerable youth. To mitigate this, I have directed the National Film and Video Censors Board, the body set up to regulate the film and video industry in Nigeria, to take this issue into consideration while performing its role of censoring and classifying films and videos. I have also directed NFVCB to engage with stakeholders in the film industry in order to express the concerns of the government and Nigerians on the need to eschew money r!tual content in their movies. For those who may still be in doubt, r!tual k#llings have assumed a worrisome dimension in recent years…Recently, in Ogun State, four young men, one of whom is 18 years old, m#rdered their 20-year-old female friend for money rituals. . One of them said they learnt about using h#man parts for money r!tuals from social media. Of course, you are also aware of a case involving a female student of the University of Jos who was allegedly k#lled by her boyfriend for ritual purposes. These k#llings have been widely reported by the media. The fact that some of these ritualists said they learnt the money-making tricks from some social media platforms has given a further fillip to our campaign to rid social media of unwholesome content.” The Federal Government on Monday directed filmmakers to eschew money ritual contents in their movies. Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed who gave the directed during a media visit to Daily Trust office in Abuja also appealed to religious, traditional and political leaders to be part of efforts to… In "Politics" The Federal Government has in a bid to discourage heinous acts by Nigerian citizens directed filmmakers to henceforth avoid money ritual contents in their movies. Naija News reports that the directive was handed down on Monday by Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed. The Minister while speaking in Abuja… In "Breaking News" The Federal Government of Nigeria has announced plans to launch a national sensitization campaign against money rituals. The government expressed concern over the menace that has claimed the lives of many, women and girls especially. Minister of Information, Lai Mohammed, spoke on Monday when he paid a working visit to… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!