Ah, Sunday. The perfect day for sleeping in, chilling out, and all-round relaxing. But if you have your star sign handy, and want some sound advice from astrology for the week ahead, now’s the time to get it. Aries, your horoscope will tell you not to care about other people’s opinions of your plans. Similarly, Leo, now is not the time to be put off by someone who doesn’t understand you. Read on for a full set of forecasts for Sunday February 6, 2022. March 21 to April 20 You may be on a roll and loving it, Aries. What might hold you back is other people’s opinions about your work or plans. Don’t let them put a damper on you. What you have to offer is unique and could make a difference, so keep going regardless. With a powerful focus on your sector of goals and ambitions, you’re poised to make a big statement, so believe in yourself. Don’t give up! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Responsibilities can be the bane of your life, if you let them be. If you feel overwhelmed, with little opportunity to unwind or spend quality time with your family, then something needs to shift. Current aspects could be a call to delegate, or find other ways to make life easier for yourself. This is a great chance to restructure your professional and work commitments, so don’t hesitate. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Want to stand out, but feel unsure? A lingering Jupiter tie can give a cosmic push to enhance your social media presence, and connect with others who may be interested in what you do. Yet a side of you might fear what would happen if your work or ideas become popular, and you are slowly but surely edged out of your comfort zone. If you want to succeed, you’ll need to be bold. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Need money for something? This could be a dilemma if you want to invest in something that would mean a lot to you, but can’t. Yet by re-examining your situation, there may be a way around this. Look carefully at your income and outgoings, and with some reshuffling and small sacrifices, you may be able to afford it sooner than you think, and take that big step forward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Try not to be put off by someone who doesn’t understand you. In fact, don’t let it bother you, especially if you are certain you want to become acquainted. Have a chance to chat? Your convivial mood could endear you to them regardless. The less you go out of your way to impress them, the more they may be drawn to interact. Who knows where this might lead in the future? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may be craving some time to yourself to think, and get a few things straight in your mind, but your workload might prevent this. Use this chance to make a few radical changes to your routines, and perhaps to manage your time better. It will give you more chance to relax, reflect and recharge. Balance is the key. The moment things are getting out of sync, do something! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You could be holding yourself back Libra, as edgy aspects indicate that a fear of criticism may be encouraging you to play small. Yet the ongoing presence of Jupiter in your lifestyle sector, can be a call to mingle and interact with people for business, accountability and support. Whatever the issue, feeling the fear and doing it anyway, might help you to make great strides. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Ready to shine? A packed talk and thought zone, can find you truly eloquent and persuasive. You’ll wow others with your ideas and awesome way with words. What might hold you back could relate to family affairs. By taking on new responsibilities, you may feel you’ll neglect your time with them. This doesn’t have to be Scorpio, there is a way around it, if you push for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Your mindset may be holding you back Archer, as you might find it difficult to envisage yourself taking on an opportunity or challenge. Yet if you dare to have a go, you’ll realise that it’s nothing you can’t handle, even if it does involve a learning curve. You could also feel that time is tight, and there is no room for exploring new options. With a bit of reshuffling, it is possible. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Keeping your money locked away? With prudent Saturn in your cash zone, you are probably being cautious with it. Is there such a thing as being too careful, though? The Sun’s line up with this prudent planet, encourages you to look into anything that can bring a positive return. You will need to do some research, but if it looks good, then what are you waiting for, Capricorn? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 It’s time to let yourself off the leash, especially if you’ve kept yourself on a tight rein recently. What with restructuring your life and trying to keep pace with your everyday tasks and chores, you may have forgotten how to enjoy yourself. The ongoing focus on a private zone, can be a call to consider what brings you a sense of joy and aliveness, and to indulge more of that, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 While the Sun and Saturn in a spiritual sector encourage you to find closure on major issues in your life, this doesn’t have to take over completely. The coming days bring a chance of fresh possibilities, encouraging you to make the most of your amazing talents. While it’s important to heal the past, it’s also vital to create new opportunities that can help you weave a positive future. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most – these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s biggest strength… and weakness Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!