Airbnb has pledged to provide free, short-term accommodation for 100,000 refugees fleeing Ukraine. CEO of the online platform, Brian Chesky, announced the move in a series of tweets this morning. ‘Airbnb and Airbnb.org are working with our Hosts to house up to 100,000 refugees fleeing from Ukraine, for free,’ he said. The CEO is now appealing to hosts in neighboring countries including Poland, Germany, Hungary, and Romania to join the initiative. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live 1. Airbnb and https://t.co/enqjlQB0rH are working with our Hosts to house up to 100,000 refugees fleeing from Ukraine, for free — Brian Chesky (@bchesky) February 28, 2022 He continues: ‘We need help to meet this goal. The greatest need we have is for more people who can offer their homes in nearby countries, including Poland, Germany, Hungary and Romania. If you can host a refugee, go here: airbnb.org/get-involved.’ Brian stresses that all stays are free for refugees, funded by Airbnb, Airbnb.org donors and through the generosity of hosts. However, it’s not clear what proportion will be directly funded by Airbnb – also there’s currently no clarification on the length of a ‘short-term’ stay.  Byron Bay and hipster brunches: What it’s like to road trip around NSW, Australia   The most eco-friendly destinations you can visit for a sustainable stay   This Game of Thrones studio tour lets you sit on the Iron Throne  According to the United Nations, more than 500,000 refugees have fled Ukraine since Vladimir Putin launched the attack last week. Reports suggest 100,000 people have crossed into Poland, say Polish officials, and an additional 66,000 refugees have entered Hungary – with more than 23,000 entering on Saturday alone, according to Hungarian officials. A press release from Airbnb says it’s arranged accommodation for 54,000 refugees and asylum-seekers over the past five years and has recently worked to offer temporary housing for more than 20,000 refugees from Afghanistan. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to talk to children about what’s happening in Ukraine and World War Three anxiety MORE : How to cope with World War Three anxiety – if the news is scaring you right now MORE : Green Day cancel concert in Russia in stand against Ukraine invasion: ‘This moment is not about stadium rock shows’ CEO Brian Chesky discusses the pledge Airbnb made to provide free temporary housing for 20,000 Afghan refugees. In "Videos" Ukrainians are fleeing their country by train amid the Russian invasion (Picture: AFP/Backgrid) People in Ukraine have been cramming on to trains departing for Poland amid a desperate scramble to flee the Russian invasion. Nearly 120,000 people have so far left their homeland for neighbouring countries including Poland, according to… In "Metro" WARSAW — Poland is setting up reception centers and hospitals to deal with the expected rush of people fleeing the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Polish government said Thursday. The Russian military launched attacks across Ukraine on Thursday, including near the city of Lviv, just 85 kilometers from the Polish… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!