 While Berlin shelved one pipeline linking Russia to Germany on Tuesday, the Ukraine crisis is prompting a broader rethink in Europe’s largest economy about its deep dependency on Russian gas. The country gets a whopping 55 percent of its gas imports from Russia. With the crisis triggered by Vladimir Putin’s belligerence toward Ukraine prompting renewed questions about the reliability of that supply, politicians and business leaders have begun calling for the country urgently to find ways to diversify its energy mix. The bind that Germany has gotten itself into was illustrated dramatically on Tuesday when Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced Berlin was halting Nord Stream 2 before it comes into operation, in response to Putin’s decision to recognize rebel territories of eastern Ukraine as independent and deploy Russian troops there. Moscow swiftly warned Germans they could pay a high price for Berlin’s change of heart over the project, which both the current Social Democrat-led government and its predecessor under Angela Merkel defended for years even as European allies urged them to abandon it. “Well. Welcome to the brave new world where Europeans are very soon going to pay €2.000 for 1.000 cubic meters of natural gas!” Dmitry Medvedev, the former Russian president who is now deputy chair of the country’s Security Council, tweeted in reaction to Scholz’s move. Just to make sure the message got through, he tweeted it in German too. Medvedev’s threat would mean “more than doubling the price level of the last few days, which is already exceptionally high,” said Hanns Koenig, energy market analyst at Aurora, an energy consultancy. “However, I suspect he simply wanted to quote a high number — I don’t interpret that as a specific price target, but rather a signal that Russia is willing to keep the European gas market tight for years to come.” And there’s the rub: The current crisis has underscored that Germany has left itself highly exposed to a government with no qualms about using gas as a geopolitical weapon. In recent months, EU officials have accused Moscow of deliberately driving up prices for European consumers as inflation spirals around the Continent. No gas has even been delivered through Nord Stream 2 yet. But Moscow already has plenty of energy influence in Germany, thanks for example to Nord Stream 1 gas pipelines, which came online in 2011 and transits Ukraine. Whether Medvedev’s words were an empty threat will become clear in the months ahead. Despite the current crisis, Russia could opt for business as usual when it comes to energy. Putin, after all, has an interest in keeping Germany hooked on Russian gas. But German leaders are starting to think they’d at least like to have some decent alternatives. Speaking at the Munich Security Conference this past weekend, Scholz said that “we all have to work very hard to produce a situation where we have alternatives” to energy imports from Russia. While he stressed this also applies to the U.S., which imported 5.5. percent of its coal from Russia in 2020, his message was mainly to its own country. On Monday, German industry association BDI issued an unusually sharp warning that a further increase in energy and gas prices “threaten to crush the economy.” The BDI added that “the situation is so serious that even medium-sized companies from various sectors that are loyal to their location are having to consider relocating abroad.” Jürgen Hardt, the foreign policy spokesperson of the center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU), also didn’t mince his words. He declared that “significant mistakes have been made” by both the current government and Merkel’s CDU-led administration when it comes to energy security and dealing with Russia. “There has been too much confidence in the reliability of gas supplies from Russia because the experience of the Cold War was that, even under difficult conditions, gas was supplied anyways,” said Hardt, whose party is now the main opposition force in Germany. Germany’s reliance on Russian gas is underpinned by the fact that the country aims to shut down its last remaining nuclear plants this year, while the expansion of renewable energies proceeds slowly. The country has decided gas is the best way to fill the gap. Michael Kruse, the energy policy spokesperson of the liberal Free Democrats, one of the three parties in Scholz’s ruling coalition, accused the previous government of not having invested sufficiently into the the build-up of renewable energies as well as storage for gas that can be used in times of shortages. “Germany is a leading industrial nation, and as such it is of enormous importance that we have gas reserves in the country for a perspective of 1-2 months,” Kruse said. Behind the rude awakening on energy security lies an even more unsettling realization for many German elites: That a decades-long goal of bringing Berlin and Moscow closer together through mutually beneficial trade seems to have failed. Inspired by former Chancellor Willy Brandt’s mantra of “Wandel durch Annäherung” (change through rapprochement) — a core pillar of his Ostpolitik toward Eastern Europe during the Cold War — generations of German politicians have advocated an approach known as “Wandel durch Handel,” meaning change through trade. The idea that growing trade links with other nations would help to gradually embed Western democratic standards in those countries has already taken a hit when it comes to China, which has only become more and more repressive despite growing economic links. Still, leading German politicians have long held out hope that “Wandel durch Handel” might still work with Russia, and defended Nord Stream 2 as a tool to also influence Russia for the better. “Obviously, this policy has totally failed when it comes to Russia,” said Marcel Dirsus, a non-resident fellow at the Institute for Security Policy at Kiel University. He argued that instead of influencing Moscow by making Russia more dependent on Germany, the policy had the opposite effect. “Right now, when push comes to shove, Berlin is dependent on Moscow when it comes to energy, and that influences the way it positions itself,” he said, referring to Berlin’s initial reluctance to include Nord Stream 2 in potential sanctions against Russia in the case of further aggression against Ukraine. It took weeks of internal bickering and harsh international criticism before Scholz’s Social Democrats agreed to put the pipeline on the sanctions table. “Now, they are coming to this realization [that they are too reliant on Russia] and now they are also admitting it in public, but now it’s too late,” Dirsus said. When it comes to diversifying its energy options, Germany’s Economic and Climate Ministry said earlier this week it was looking for ways to “strengthen the precautionary mechanisms” for the coming winter — in other words, finding more ways to make sure it has enough energy. A spokesperson for the ministry said this included looking at issues like storage facilities and infrastructure measures, such as building landing points for liquefied natural gas (LNG), citing potential imports from the U.S., Qatar or Australia. But energy analyst Koenig argued there are no “realistic alternatives for what Russia is still supplying us now,” at least in the shorter term. “The existing LNG terminals are already very well utilized and in the short term, we cannot build new terminals, that will take a few years,” he said, adding: “That means we will remain dependent on Russia for at least four to five years until we get significant new LNG capacity online.” Nonetheless, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen struck a bullish note at the weekend when it comes to the Continent’s reliance on Russian gas. She declared that “even in case of full disruption of gas supply from Russia, we are on the safe side for this winter” and that Europe “would be able to replace the Russian gas with LNG deliveries that we get from our friends all over the world.” A draft energy communication by the European Commission, obtained by POLITICO and expected to be published March 2, proposes new EU rules that would require countries to keep a minimum amount of natural gas in storage each summer. And while the U.S. is currently unable to match Russian gas volumes via LNG exports, it’s hoping that will change later this year. The CDU’s Hardt argued that diversifying Germany’s supply would help change the power dynamic with Moscow. “The moment Russia realizes that we can get supplies in a different way, things would be taken to a whole new level in terms of both pricing and security of supplies” from Russia, he said. “And that’s why it’s simply important that we build up those alternatives.” America Hernandez contributed reporting. Want more analysis from POLITICO? POLITICO Pro is our premium intelligence service for professionals. From financial services to trade, technology, cybersecurity and more, Pro delivers real time intelligence, deep insight and breaking scoops you need to keep one step ahead. Email pro@politico.eu to request a complimentary trial. This undated File handout picture taken in September 2021 and provided by Nord Stream 2 AG, shows specialists on the laybarge Fortuna performing an above water tie-in during the final stage of Nord Stream 2 pipeline construction in the Baltic Sea. Handout / Nord Stream 2 AG / AFP  … In "Slider 2" German Minister of Economics and Climate Protection Robert Habeck addresses a press conference in Duesseldorf, western Germany on February 22, 2022. (Photo by Roberto Pfeil / POOL / AFP)   Germany can meet its energy needs without Russian gas, its economy minister said Wednesday, after the government decided to halt… In "Slider 2" President Joe Biden has warned Russian dictator Vladimir Putin that his country will face severe sanctions if it once again attacks Ukraine. A key question looms, however: Will European countries really go along with serious penalties on Moscow? On the surface, Europe appears willing. European Union officials and national leaders… In "Politics" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!