Trent Alexander-Arnold says he’s been impressed by Luis Diaz’s ‘hunger’ and willingness to adapt and hopes the forward’s goal against Norwich is ‘just the start’ of something special. Liverpool signed Diaz from Porto for an initial fee of £37.5million last month and the 25-year-old made an immediate impact on his debut versus Cardiff in the FA Cup, coming on to help set up Takumi Minamino’s strike in a 3-1 win. Diaz was handed his first Premier League start in the Reds’ 2-0 victory over Leicester and Kasper Schmeichel twice denied him a dream goal on his full debut on Merseyside. But the Colombia international announced himself to Anfield in style with a superb strike in Liverpool’s 3-1 defeat of Norwich at the weekend, latching on to Jordan Henderson’s exquisite through ball before beating Angus Gunn with a dinked finish. He will no doubt be desperate to continue his run in the side on Wednesday night when Jurgen Klopp’s men play host to Leeds, looking to make it six wins from six in the English top flight. ‘He seems like a lad who is hungry to win games, to succeed, to help the team,’ Alexander-Arnold told Liverpool’s official website. ‘That’s all you can really ask for – someone who is willing to come in and adapt and learn the way that we play and he has shown that so far. ‘He understands that it was a huge moment for him to get his goal on the weekend and hopefully that’s just the start to be able to push on from that and score a lot more for us.’ Alexander-Arnold believes Liverpool are in for a tough test at home to Leeds, who will be hurting in the wake of a 4-2 defeat at the hands of Manchester United. ‘They’re an exciting team to watch. From a neutral point of view, they are one of the most entertaining teams in the league,’ the England right-back added. ‘There is always going to be goals in their games, they’re a team that like to take risks going forward. ‘They’re not afraid, they don’t hold anyone back, everyone goes up and attacks and they expect themselves to get back and defend as well. ‘We’re going to have our tactics and obviously we are going to analyse them and see where their strengths are and try to stop them from doing what they want to do – and then obviously hurt them going the other way as well.’ Liverpool will close the gap on top-of-the-table Manchester City to just three points with victory over Leeds and Alexander-Arnold feels the strength and depth of Klopp’s squad has been key in recent weeks. ‘I think our last two games, the games have massively changed with the substitutions,’ he went on. ‘It was not quite going our way in both of the games and then being able to make a couple of subs and then the game has changed and we’ve went on to win it. ‘That just shows the quality we’ve got coming off the bench, around the whole squad.  Rio Ferdinand says Romelu Lukaku should be ‘going nuts’ at Chelsea teammates   Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang sends message to Erling Haaland over Barcelona transfer   Bruno Fernandes responds to Man Utd fans over his Harry Maguire ‘dig’  ‘There are players who can come on, there are obviously the starters and the ones who come on and change the game, impact the game and win us the game. It’s amazing to have. ‘We are definitely reaping the rewards from that.’ MORE : Jurgen Klopp hopeful Liverpool duo Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino could face Chelsea MORE : Jadon Sancho would be ‘unbelievable’ at Liverpool, says Jonathan Woodgate Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!