American President, Joe Biden announced the killing of the terrorist leader in a statement early on Thursday. According to Biden, Al-Qurayshi was killed on Wednesday in Syria during a counterterrorism operation by the US special forces. “Last night at my direction, U.S. military forces in northwest Syria successfully undertook a counterterrorism operation to protect the American people and our allies, and make the world a safer place,” Biden said. “Thanks to the skill and bravery of our Armed Forces, we have taken off the battlefield Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurayshi—the leader of ISIS. “All Americans have returned safely from the operation,” the US President added. It is understood that thirteen people lost their lives during the operation but there were no American casualties. Biden is expected to deliver more details about the operation later on Thursday. Pentagon press secretary, John Kirby in a short statement also described the operation as successful. “More information will be provided as it becomes available,” Kirby added. Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurashi was an Iraqi Islamist and the second leader of the Islamic State. His appointment by a shura council was announced by the Islamic State media on 31 October 2019. Meanwhile, President Muhammadu Buhari-led government has revealed that the Nigerian Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) has uncovered 96 financiers of terrorism in the country. According to the government, it found the reported persons guilty of supporting dreaded Boko Haram terrorists and the Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP). Naija News reports that the development was made known on Thursday by the nation’s Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed. The minister who spoke during a briefing on the anti-corruption fight of President Muhammadu Buhari said NFIU has unmasked 424 associates/supporters of the financiers about 123 companies and 33 bureaux de change linked with terrorism. Mohammed further said the agency has identified 26 suspected bandits/kidnappers and seven co-conspirators. The government said 45 of the suspects will soon face trial. This article was originally published on Naija News Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!