 Costumes in the colors of the rainbow, we have not seen it this cheerful for a long time with choreographer Ann Van den Broek.  In recent years she has delved deeply into the upheaval and despair that arise in dementia and Alzheimer’s with a penetrating triptych, a film and an installation.  Black, contrasted with clinical white, predominated.  Now the Flemish is tapping from a different keg.  In Joy Enjoy Joy Van den Broek celebrates the flow of life.  The stage with bright white illuminated showcases and treatment tables still breathes the setting of a cold-blooded examination, but the disco ball, the glittering heels and the brightly painted lips provide a cheerful sparkle.  Eight dancers go to great lengths with the movable tables, although you also feel a restlessness under the skin of wanting to party all the time.  It is not for nothing that we hear Tom Barman, frontman of the Belgian band dEUS, repeatedly on tape at the start that you should distrust people who are always cheerful. Joy Enjoy Joy sounds like the paradox of compulsive enjoyment.  It is precisely this duality that gives this ode to the zest for life a sharp edge.  Meanwhile, the dancers parade in circles, nail-biting, stamping their feet and shoulder-pounding, at an increasing speed.  As in a relay race, they pass a hand-held camera to each other.  They film themselves with pursed lips.  ‘Joy’ is the word that is gesticulating from word of mouth.  In close-ups on a video screen we see faces that are gloating.  Van den Broek now knows exactly how to switch from image to floor, from a major chord to a hopping march.  Step by step she builds up a rhythmically controlled vitality, pumping around the question: does energy continue to effervescently or does it hit a minor key somewhere? Joy Enjoy Joy  Dance   By WArd/waRD.  Choreography Ann Van den Broek.  Music Nicolas Rombouts.  19/2, Theater Rotterdam.  Tour up to and including 1/4. Joy Enjoy Joy is an ambiguous ode to the zest for life, with a sharp edge ★★★★☆
 Source link  Joy Enjoy Joy is an ambiguous ode to the zest for life, with a sharp edge ★★★★☆ The post Joy Enjoy Joy is an ambiguous ode to the zest for life, with a sharp edge ★★★★☆ appeared first on Netherlands News Live. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!