 The Johnson & Johnson single dose of COVID-19 vaccine has been rolled out by the federal government. This was disclosed at the launch of SCALES 2.0 Strategy, which entails the integration of COVID-19 vaccination with childhood routine immunization for eligible adults 18 years and above, and children zero to two years respectively. SCALES is an acronym for service delivery, communication, accountability, logistics, electronic reporting, and supportive supervision for the ongoing COVID-19 vaccination. Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire who revealed that Nigeria has an adequate stock of the Johnson and Johnson vaccine, with over 30 million doses in stock, urged all eligible persons yet to receive their vaccination to go to the nearest COVID-19 vaccination site and get vaccinated. Ehanire said; “This single dose offers the same protection you get from two doses of AstraZeneca, Pfizer Bio-N-Tech and Moderna vaccines” The Minister who revealed that Nigeria had administered over 20 million doses of COVID-19 vaccination, representing over 18 per cent of the 111,176,503 eligible population targeted for vaccination as at February 18, added that the SCALES strategy had proven to be quite effective in ramping up COVID-19 vaccination coverage. The post FG Begins Johnson & Johnson Single Dose COVID-19 Vaccination appeared first on Information Nigeria. Osagie Ehanire, Minister for Health, has expressed concern that the number of Nigerians who have been fully vaccinated is still very low because the country has been administering double dose vaccines. The minister decried that most persons who have received their first dose are reluctant to take their second dose… In "Slider 1" A health worker holds a vaccine tube and a syringe as Nigeria commences the second phase of COVID-19 vaccination on August 16, 2021. Channels TV/ Sodiq Adelakun.   Nigeria will on Friday begin the administration of COVID-19 booster shots, days after the Federal Government approved the decision.  “Following the detection… In "Breaking News" Tribune Online NYSC begins enrolment of corps members into NHIS The National Youth Service Corps(NYSC) on Friday commenced the enrolment of corps members into the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS). It said the insurance cover would last until three weeks after corps members disengagement from service. The Director-General, NYSC Major… Similar post Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!