A February fitness slump is perfectly natural. New Year Resolutions seem to have been made a long, long time ago, in a spirit of optimism and energy that’s long since faded. Exercise is more challenging and dull than ever, and comfort foods loads more tempting. Fear not, however, because we’ve got the freshest and funkiest products and schemes to revive any flagging spirits. From gorgeous wooden exercise bikes to the fittest cookbook in the world, we’ve got you covered. Barry’s Bootcamp is bringing its famous strength and cardio workouts to Liverpool. The boutique studio will house the iconic mix of red lights, mirrors, nightclub tunes and Woodway treadmills. There’s also a Barry’s Fuel Bar for post-workout shakes. Book classes from £20 at Barrys. The latest activewear collection from Hush is made from ECONYL (regenerated fishing nets), with TENCEL Modal (wood pulp) making an appearance in the fabric of its activewear tops. We love the cute star design on the Gettie Star sports bra (£45) and leggings (£59). Shop the collection at Hush. Global fitness influencer Lilly Sabri has launched her first nutrition line. LEAN Foods is a range of products including protein bars and pre-workout powders that are low-sugar, vegan and contain no additives, sweeteners or flavourings. Buy from £1.49 each at LEAN. Boost your street cred with this wooden bike from Coco-mat Bike. Made from American Ash (each tree provides enough wood to make 50 bikes), there are 11 styles to choose from including adults, kids, foldable and e-bikes, with two or seven speeds. For every bike purchased a tree is planted. Buy adult bikes from £1,990 at Coco-mat Bike. If your hair has seen better days, give Toni & Guy’s Strengthplex range a try. The Shampoo, Conditioner, and Bond Repair Mask are designed to restore and repair hair’s broken bonds thanks to the key ingredient of Kakadu plum. Buy for £7.19 each from Superdrug. Difficulty sleeping? The ClevaMama ClevaPure Lamp is a Himalayan Salt Lamp that can be used as a humidifier, a night light, a natural air purifier, or an aromatherapy diffuser. Renowned for their sleep-assisting properties, Himalayan salt crystals can also help reduce allergies and irritations. Buy for £64.99 from ClevaMama. With gut health such a big topic, why not boost yours with Bio & Me Strawberry Gut-Loving Prebiotic Yoghurt. Packed with a massive 700 billion live and active cultures, there’s no added sugar, artificial sweeteners, thickeners or emulsifiers and it’s a good source of calcium, B12, B2 and phosphorous. Buy for £1.20 from Sainsburys. Adventurer Ross Edgley has penned The World’s Fittest Cookbook, to help you optimise fitness performance with nutrition. More than 100 tried-and-tested dishes include Brazilian Bean Stew and No-Bake Biscoff Cheesecake, plus there’s a ‘toolkit’ Ross promises will ‘revolutionise your food prep and your weight loss’. Buy for £10 from Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Three tips to help you stay motivated to exercise all year long MORE : The 20-minute workout: Nine moves to tone your core MORE : How to do ‘snackable workouts’ in just ten minutes Build that butt (Picture: Getty/Metro.co.uk) Want to tone and strengthen your lower body – but don’t want to spend half your day in the gym? We’ve got you covered. This short, sharp, 20-minute workout is designed to push your muscles, build definition, strength and endurance – all within an efficient… In "Metro" I am sore. Not in a oh-hell-I-cannot-sit-down kind of sore. More like, “OK!, I worked some-long-ignored-muscles sore.” And in year where I’m trying to extract myself out of the COVID-19 pandemic doldrums, this is a good thing. The cause isn’t from cycling on a Peloton but another newer entrant to… In "Business" Charlotte Crosby has launched her own fitness app Blitz N Burn (Picture: Charlotte Crosby Blitz & Burn) Charlotte Crosby has undergone a serious health and fitness transformation since leaving Geordie Shore, and has shared her tips on getting motivated to get moving.  The former Geordie Shore star, 31, first got… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!