Reports state that Google has made this move to protect users’ security in Ukraine. The action involved globally disabling the Google Maps traffic layer and live information on how busy places such as stores as well as restaurants are in Ukraine for the safety of local communities in the country. This was done after consulting with sources including regional authorities. Referred to as a ‘special operation’ by Russia, the attack has caused nearly 400,000 residents of Ukraine, especially women and children, to flee into neighbouring countries while some men stayed back to defend the country. Report further states that live traffic information remains available to local drivers using Maps’ turn-by-turn navigation features and with the Google map, Jeffrey Lewis, a professor specializing in arms control and nonproliferation at California’s Middlebury Institute of International Studies, tracked a traffic jam which was the Russian movement towards the border hours before Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the attack. Lewis alongside some students were monitoring Google Maps when they spotted this unusual accumulation of traffic near the southwest city of Belgorod. The disabled features use anonymous location data collected from Android smartphones to show where there are traffic delays on roads and which businesses and stores are busy. Experts say such data could offer insight into the progress of the invasion. The post Google Disables Live Traffic Google Map Feature to Protect Ukrainians appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. On February 24, Russia launched an invasion of neighboring Ukraine after months of a military build-up on its borders. The attack began with cyberattacks that targeted Ukrainian government departments with floods of internet traffic and data-wiping malware, followed by a ground, sea and air incursion. News outlets in Ukraine are… In "Business" Google said live traffic information remained available to drivers using its turn-by-turn navigation features in the area. In "Slider 2" Russian forces have invaded Ukraine (Picture: REUTERS) Russian forces have launched an attack on Ukraine, with swathes of the country – including capital city Kyiv, bring hit by rocket strikes. Troops from Russia have crossed the Crimea border into Ukraine after President Vladimir Putin gave the order for his invasion… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!