After years in development hell a live action version of Bioshock, and its own cinematic universe, has been officially announced at Netflix. More than a decade after the original plans to make a Bioshock movie fell through a new deal has been announced with Netflix, that’s apparently been almost a year in the making. According to The Hollywood Reporter no writer or filmmaker is attached yet, let alone any actors, and yet already the idea is to make it part of a ‘cinematic universe’. Original publisher Take-Two will serve as a producer, alongside Vertigo Entertainment, with the two no doubt hoping that it will enjoy a similar level of success to The Witcher – even though that’s not technically based on the games. The cinematic universe angle is presumably related to the idea introduced in Bioshock Infinite of a multiverse of different worlds, all with their own unique dystopian city. Although it’s assumed this first film will focus on the underwater world of Rapture. A movie adaptation was first announced shortly after the release of the original 2007 game, with Pirates of the Caribbean director Gore Verbinski. It ran over budget though and since it was intended to be a ‘hard R’, implying high levels of violence, the project was eventually canned. The movie was apparently just eight weeks away from filming at one point, but game creator Ken Levine nixed an attempt to make a cheaper movie with a new director and the entire project went dormant until now. Why there was such insistence on a R-rating is unclear, as the original game wasn’t especially violent, but it seems unlikely that those original plans will have anything to do with the new film.  Cyberpunk 2077 PS5 and Xbox Series X/S updates out now – plus free trial   UK has highest demand for PS5 in the world – Newry is highest in the UK   Horizon Forbidden West is too big for one PS4 disc  The obvious reason for the new film going through now is that Take-Two has a new Bioshock game in development. It’s known to have been in production for several years now but has never been officially announced, although recent rumours suggest that it is set in Antarctica with two waring cities – one on the surface and one underground. Whether that’s true or not remains to be seen but the new game is expected to be unveiled later this year. Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter. MORE : Another BioShock 4 leak points to 2022 release – set in the Antarctic MORE : BioShock: The Collection review – rapturous return MORE : BioShock movie was canned because director wanted an R rating Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. The School of Cinematic Arts (SCA) at the University of Southern California (USC) and Netflix have partnered for a series of training workshops for the creative industry in Africa. The first in the series of talent development initiatives is a postproduction training programme in collaboration with Kunle Afolayan Productions (KAP) Film… In "Tech News" A former acting National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Abubakar Kawu Baraje, has warned Nigerian politicians about the inherent danger in the lingering outcry of marginalisation across regions of the country. At a press chat with newsmen in Ilorin, the Kwara State capital, in preparation of his… In "Slider 2" Canadian singer The Weeknd will co-write, produce and star in a fiction series for HBO, the cable channel told AFP on Wednesday.  The series will be titled “The Idol” and portrays the relationship between a female pop singer and the owner of a nightclub in Los Angeles, who… In "Entertainment" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!