British nationals in Ukraine have been warned they won’t be evacuated if war breaks out. Armed forces minister James Heappey said that the RAF would not step in like they did in Afghanistan last August. He urged people to flee immediately via commercial means or by driving across the border themselves, saying Russia now has the firepower to attack ‘at no notice’. Diplomatic efforts to try and avoid war continue, but fears are growing of an invasion in the coming days. UK nationals in Ukraine are thought to number in the low thousands. Mr Heappey said with the Kremlin having an estimated 130,000 troops on Ukraine’s border, Russia could attack ‘very, very quickly’. He told BBC Breakfast: ‘We are now confident that the artillery systems, the missile systems and the combat air are all in place that would allow Russia to launch – at no notice – an attack on Ukraine. ‘And on that basis I think it is our responsibility to share with UK citizens our view that they should leave the country immediately while commercial means are still available. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T48S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/02/12/12/54100811-0-image-a-20_1644669666732.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-02-12T12:38:09+0000","description":"Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said the RAF would not be airlifting British citizens out of Ukraine as they did in Afghanistan last year, and advised people to leave the country by commercial means.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/02/12/424557651132565988/480x270_MP4_424557651132565988.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video ‘There will be a big difference between what they may have seen on their TV screens in Afghanistan over the summer and what may happen over the next week or so and that is that the Royal Air Force will not be in a position to go in and to fly people out so they need to leave now by commercial means or drive out of Ukraine into a neighbouring country.’ British ambassador to Ukraine Melinda Simmons was remaining with a ‘core team’ in Kyiv, but some embassy staff and their families were being withdrawn. Mr Heappey said it was necessary to maintain a diplomatic presence while a possibility of talking down tensions remains. ‘That’s a brave thing for our diplomats to want to do, given that there will effectively be no notice now, if Putin decides to go, everything is in place for him to be launching strikes on Ukraine within minutes,’ he told Times Radio. ‘Because diplomacy needs to be given a chance it is an infinitely better outcome than what could be just the most catastrophic waste of life in the biggest war that we’ve seen in Europe since 1945.’ The Foreign Office’s order was issued as intelligence and advice from experts on the ground suggested an increased threat level, with an invasion at some point deemed highly likely. US President Joe Biden and Mr Putin will discuss the crisis by phone today, as the Pentagon orders an extra 3,000 troops to Poland to support allies.  People banned from sitting outside home because neighbour ‘took offence’   Drug dealer busted after picture of his hand holding cocaine showed fingerprints   Boy, 12, dies after car he was driving crashes into lorry  Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said an invasion could come ‘at any time’, while US national security adviser Jake Sullivan said an attack before the end of the Winter Olympics on February 20 is a ‘credible prospect’. Western leaders have threatened Moscow with a damaging package of sanctions in the event of a further incursion into Ukrainian soil. Mr Heappey rejected a call from Ukrainian ambassador Vadym Prystaiko for Britain to send combat troops to Ukraine to deter an attack. ‘Putin and his colleagues would very much like to be able to say is what they may do is a consequence of Western aggression in Ukraine,’ he told BBC Breakfast. ‘So it’s very important to us, to everybody frankly involved, that we’re very clear we won’t play an active part in Ukraine.’ The UK personnel sent to train Ukrainians to use British-supplied anti-tank missiles will be ‘leaving over the course of the weekend’, Mr Heappey told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki, who met Boris Johnson in Warsaw this week, urged Europe to go further in applying financial pressure on Moscow. ‘Faced with a growing Russian threat, European governments have largely reacted passively. Leaders have lacked the courage or determination to cut business ties with the Kremlin,’ he wrote in the Daily Telegraph. ‘The noose is tightening around Europe’s neck, not Moscow’s.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!