 In the highly anticipated judgment — with decisions read out loud in Hungarian and Polish — the Court of Justice of the EU said it is dismissing Budapest and Warsaw’s cases. The ruling is a critical moment in the EU’s ongoing efforts to police democratic standards among its own members. At the request of EU countries, Brussels had agreed to wait for the ruling before making a final decision on whether to slash payments to countries like Poland and Hungary, which have long fought with EU leaders over democratic backsliding allegations. Now, with the ruling in its favor, Brussels will face even more pressure to act. Wednesday’s ruling is the culmination of a long legal battle that emerged after the EU in 2020 authorized a new mechanism that allowed it to reduce funding to countries where rule-of-law breaches negatively affect European taxpayers’ money. Hungary and Poland — the two countries most likely to lose funding under the new authority — challenged the mechanism in court, arguing that the regulation violates the EU Treaties and fails to guarantee legal certainty to member countries. The EU on Wednesday will finally — after months of waiting — get the court ruling long touted as the final sign-off it needs to slash funding to members like Hungary and Poland for flouting democratic standards.  That doesn’t mean Brussels will immediately pounce. Already, there are indications of possible… In "Politics" Mujtaba Rahman is the head of Eurasia Group’s Europe practice and the author of POLITICO’s Beyond the Bubble column. He tweets at @Mij_Europe. This morning’s long-awaited verdict by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) — widely expected to state that the EU’s “conditionality mechanism” is indeed legal… In "Politics" The EU's top court will rule Wednesday on the legality of a mechanism opposed by Poland and Hungary that would allow Brussels to block funds from countries that contravene The post EU court to rule on disputed funds, rule of law link appeared first on The Guardian Nigeria News -… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!