 The centre-back is under contract in Germany until the summer of 2023, meaning he will have one year left on his current deal at the end of 2021/22. So, Borussia Dortmund are seemingly trying to sign the Swiss star to a new deal. However, according to Sport 1’s Patrick Berger, Akanji has rejected BVB’s latest contract offer, believed to be €9.5m-a-year. It is added that Manchester United are very keen to sign him in summer, with Akanji’s price-tag believed to be €30m: Manuel Akanji has rejected a latest offer of €9.5m salary p.a. to extend his #BVB contract (running until 2023), as we already reported. Been told Manchester United are very keen to sign him in summer. Price tag: €30m. Reunion at #MUFC with his buddy Jadon Sancho? 🔴⚪️ @SPORT1 — Patrick Berger (@berger_pj) February 8, 2022 Akanji would join up with Borussia Dortmund in January of 2018, departing Swiss powerhouse FC Basel. Since then, the 26-year-old has become a key cog in Dortmund’s side, notching 148 appearances across all competitions. Akanji, who has made 38 appearances for the Swiss national team, is still a key figure at Dortmund and has made 26 appearances for them this season so far. However, news broke recently that Niklas Sule will be joining BVB in the summer when his current Bayern Munich contract runs out. Could this see Akanji’s game time limited with Dortmund? Either way, it is clear Manchester United could do with some fresh legs at centre-back as Raphael Varane has been their only semi-reliable option this term.  Borussia Dortmund are understood to be trying to convince Erling Haaland to stay at the club until 2023, according to a report. Haaland is one of the most in-demand players in Europe after his goalscoring exploits over the last few seasons. And his form shows no sign of slowing down… In "Sports" Chelsea are ready to offer a popular attacker as part of a spectacular summer swoop for Dortmund star Erling Haaland, while Thursday’s transfer gossip claims that there is a fresh twist in Man Utd’s chase for Rennes sensation Eduardo Camavinga. BLUES TO PART WITH STAR IN HAALAND SWOOP Chelsea reportedly… In "Sports" Manchester United have drawn a line under their hunt for Erling Haaland, Paul Pogba’s future has got even more complicated and Liverpool have put forward a £70,000-a-week offer for a 17-year-old, all in the papers. MAN UTD GIVE UP ON HAALAND Manchester United have ended their interest in signing Borussia… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!