 The Europa League Round of 32 would draw to a close on Thursday and saw a number of exciting games play out. Perhaps the surprise of the round was Rangers beating Borussia Dortmund over two legs to make it into the final 16. Of course, BVB did not have Erling Haaland for either leg, but it was an impressive achievement nonetheless . Elsewhere, FC Barcelona looked back to their scintillating best when they beat Napoli 4-2 on Thursday to secure their spot in the Round of 16. Barca and Rangers would join Braga, Real Betis, RB Leipzig, Atalanta, FC Porto and Sevilla in progressing earlier this week. Said eight teams have now joined the eight Europa League group winners from earlier in the season, which included David Moyes’ West Ham.  And as West Ham won their group, they would be drawn against one of the eight sides above who had either finished second in their Europa League group or dropped down from the Champions League. This was means that West Ham, on paper, were likely to be handed a tough Round of 16 draw as top teams like Barca, Atalanta and Sevilla were on the opposite side of the draw. In the end, it would be Europa League specialists Sevilla who West Ham were drawn against in the Round of 16. A very tough test for David Moyes and co. Xavi Hernandez’s Barcelona, meanwhile, were handed a much easier draw against Turkish side Galatasaray. Elsewhere, Scottish giants Rangers would be drawn against Crvena Zvezda. View the full draw below:   Barcelona aim to add two in JanuaryNew Barcelona boss Xavi will hope to finally get his recruitment program off the ground starting in January after reports suggest the Catalan giants will hope to bring in two names during the winter transfer window. That comes from Barça Universal while citing SER… In "Sports" West Ham & LeicesterEngland will, now that the Europa Conference League has been invented, have only two teams in this season’s Europa League. Of course, one of Manchester City, Manchester United, Chelsea or Liverpool could enter the competition in the knockout rounds if they finish 3rd in their Champions League… In "Sports" The Europa League draw has been held for the 2021-22 group stage, in which Leicester’s headline opponent is Napoli and West Ham will face the likes of Dinamo Zagreb, who knocked Tottenham out of last season’s competition. This season’s Europa League has been cut down to eight groups of four, in… In "Sports" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!