The product is the first of its kind all-natural foaming hand sanitizer produced, manufactured, and distributed in Nigeria. The premium hand sanitizer was launched in tandem with the commissioning of ESH’s state-of-the-art factory in Ikeja, Lagos on Tuesday, 15th February 2022. The uniqueness of the Palm Tree Hygiene hand sanitizer comes from the alcohol extraction process which is sourced naturally and distilled from the sap of the Palm tree, without any damage to the tree and no harmful impact on the environment. The product also moisturizes and gives off a coconut scent, helping to decongest the nasal pathways. The premium sanitizer which has been proven to be effective in combating zoonotic germs, like viruses, parasites, and fungi is firstly certified in the UK under European standards EN1276 and by NAFDAC in Nigeria. Speaking at the launch, Mr. Sam Awolesi, Chief Executive Officer, ESH LTD Nigeria, shared the inspiration for the product. “It is with humility and years of consistent research that we are proud to announce the launch of the world’s first foaming hand sanitizer, made from all-natural ingredients. When we started this experiment, we were equipped with industry knowledge and insights and we found that 80% of customers, whether individuals or organizations prefer foaming as opposed to gel or liquid sanitizers. It is with this learning from the health industry coupled with years of internal expertise that we’re pleased to introduce this innovative product sourced from local palm trees, fresh from nature’s palm to yours.” Also speaking, Mrs. Sola Adebowale, Managing Director, ESH LTD Nigeria, expressed excitement on the launch. “We are extremely honored to announce such a unique product, Palm Tree® Hygiene foaming sanitizer. At the onset of covid-19, we saw the need for an all-natural sanitizer that is effective in protecting humans while also being environmentally sustainable. A product that will be instrumental in assisting health care institutions in preventing the spread of infectious viruses. So, for three years we embarked on research to bring to the public the PalmTree® Hygiene foaming hand sanitizer. We believe that this product will cater to individuals but more so institutions that crave sanitizing products that cater to the healthcare needs of families, employees, or patients. It is also exciting to do this whilst also creating opportunities for SMEs to scale their business. We have built a world-class factory that small and medium scale businesses can leverage to produce and package their products.” Commenting on the sustainability efforts of ESH Ltd Mrs. Solape Hammond, Special Adviser, Development Goals and Investment, Lagos State, commended the initiative. “It is exciting to see another business in Nigeria that is passionate about proliferating and promoting sustainable and environmentally friendly products. With the launch of the product and the commissioning of the factory, this will bring in new jobs and diversify our economic source for GDP whilst increasing the economic viability of our country.” The state of the art factory was built with the intent to support small and medium businesses in the country by giving them access to the factory to manufacture their products. SMEs in Nigeria are reported to employ a larger percentage of the population. Recognizing the important contribution of SMEs to the economy, ESH LTD Nigeria commissioned its full capacity factory to help local businesses package their goods for sale. The fully fitted factory offers small businesses the opportunity to use world-class and approved equipment in their production and packaging process. The Environmental Science Hygiene (ESH) Ltd, Nigeria is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Environmental Science group (ESG) the, in the United Kingdom with over 24 years of experience in environmental hygiene. The company is involved in safety, workplace activity safety protection (WASP) sheets, identifying chemical hazards, and providing on-site COSHH monitoring, LEV testing, and chemical risk assessment services. ESH Ltd Nigeria’s natural progression will be in the development and manufacturing of hygiene products and will include hand sanitizers, sprays, medicated soaps, surface/floor wipes, and disinfectants. The post ESH LTD Commissions Factory, Launches All-Natural Foaming Hand Sanitizer appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Constantly-changing consumer preference, environmental and global conditions are steering the continuous remodelling of manufacturers’ operations, as they try to match consumer needs and not lose market share. The COVID-19 pandemic saw households and organisations reviewing living and working conditions, leading to changes in product preference, resource management, and for businesses,… In "Business" Years before the pandemic and inspired by a family health scare, Thorne Perkin founded Olika, which sells luxe hand sanitizer. Biotech Amyris has now closed on a deal to buy it. In "Business" In this photo taken on August 16, 2021, a health official holds a vaccine tube and a syringe as Nigeria commences the second phase of COVID-19 vaccination. Channels TV/ Sodiq Adelakun.   The Kaduna State Government has warned that anyone who wishes to enter any of its offices must comply… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!