Idris Elba broke all our hearts when he announced his plans to step away from acting – but there’s a silver lining as he could be working with Jay Z on new music. The Wire actor recently said he’ll be ‘leaning away from acting’ as his passion for making music overtakes his love for being in front of the camera. It’s certainly disappointing news with fans anxiously awaiting Idris’ return as Luther in the movie adaptation of the hit BBC One series, which will likely be one of his last on-screen roles for a while. However, a source has said the 49-year-old has big plans for the music career he’s had to sideline in favour of Hollywood over the years. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, they revealed: ‘Idris is working on a full length record and has been working with a group of independent artists on it. People don’t realise this, but he has a label which releases music from artists from all walks of life and is now working with them and others on his own record. It will pull from all of his inspirations. ‘Besides his existing tracks with Stefflon Don and LaShana Latrice, he is in talks with Tinie Tempah, Jay Z and Popcaan to see what they can do.’ Much to our disappointment, the source also revealed that Idris will not be recording original music for Luther, but ‘has been writing on set and sharing the music’ with the cast and crew in between scenes. They added: ‘He has been in studio sessions in between shooting the Luther movie and wants to make an album that is just as diverse as his filmography. ‘He doesn’t see this as a side project. He plans on committing to this full time.’ It’s no surprise the actor has tapped Jay Z for music advice as the Grammy-winning rapper curated the soundtrack for hit Netflix movie, The Harder They Fall, in which Idris starred last year. The British actor recently explained his decision to put his acting career on the backburner and told Vanity Fair: ‘Some may think, Well, it will be the death of your acting if your music’s s**t. ‘I’ve dealt with the internal struggle of that over the years. So now I’m at peace and I’ve chosen: This is what I’m doing, and I’m going to do it. Some will love it and some will hate it.’ Idris’ music career has been bubbling on the side for several years now as he has DJ’ed at various festivals, including Coachella, and has collaborated with the likes of Macklemore & Ryan Lewis.  Beyonce cameo in Kanye West’s Jeen-Yuhs as she secretly dated Jay Z sends fans wild   Jay Z adorably takes daughter Blue Ivy’s Super Bowl photos as Beyonce sneaks into event   Celebrities at the Super Bowl: Beyonce, Jay Z, Bennifer and more soak up the drama  Notably, he enjoyed a chart hit with 2018’s Boasty featuring Wiley and Stefflon Don with the infectious bop reaching number 11 in the UK. The TV star won’t be leaving Hollywood entirely as he’ll still be working with his production company, Green Door Pictures, which he founded in 2013 and impressively has a first-look deal with Apple. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Samuel L Jackson reckons he should have won the Oscar for Pulp Fiction, and that’s fair enough MORE : Tom Holland and Zendaya just keep getting cuter as he leaves ‘first’ comment on her stunning Instagram pic Idris Elba. Richard Young/Shutterstock Shifting priorities. While Idris Elba is known for his successful film career, he’s equally passionate about his musical ambitions, even performing anticipated DJ sets at the likes of Coachella and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s royal wedding. Now, he’s planning to “lean away from acting work”… In "Entertainment" Beyonce and Jay Z made a surprise appearance on the red carpet for BFI’s London Film Festival, celebrating the premiere of Idris Elba and Regina King’s movie The Harder They Fall. The Crazy In Love singer, 40, donned a stunning black velvet strapless gown for the occasion, with her long… In "Slider 1" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Idris Elba can easily give up acting and DJing for the model life after stealing the show at Ozwald Boateng’s London Fashion Week show.  The Luther actor was among the stars who… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!