Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has criticised the appointment of ‘sporting director’ Ralf Rangnick as manager, saying it was clear that Southampton had a ‘proper coach’ after the 1-1 draw at Old Trafford. The Red Devils took the lead against the Saints and had some really good chances to extend it in the first half, but could not maintain their level of performance as Southampton worked harder and came back into the game, equalising through Che Adams. Scholes was thoroughly impressed by the work rate, pressing and quality of Southampton, while his former club lacked all those things, which he feels is down to the man in charge. Rangnick has only had two years as a manager in the last 10 years, at RB Leipzig from 2015-16 and 2018-19, while spending the rest of the last decade in director of football roles, which Scholes feels is clear to see. ‘It’s been a bad six or seven months, the sack for Ole [Gunnar Solskjaer] was coming, we all knew that, but where was the plan?’ Scholes said on BT Sport. ‘You’d think there has to be a plan, they must be brining in an elite, top football coach into the football club to revive the situation.  Mortifying moment Cristiano Ronaldo ‘accidentally’ live streams from sauna, says nothing   Wayne Rooney claims Sir Alex Ferguson ‘got out of Manchester United as quick as he could’   Cristiano Ronaldo Jr unveiled as a Man Utd player and handed iconic shirt number  ‘It’s Man Utd, they should have the best of everything. To not have a plan and bring in a sporting director. I think he’s coached a team two years out of the last 10 years. ‘Don’t get me wrong, I like the man, I think he comes across really well, but he looks like he’s lacked experience in coaching over the last five or six years, whatever it’s been.’ The Red Devils legend feels Ralph Hasenhuttl at Southampton is an example of someone who has coach his team well and it is clear what the difference is between the sides. ‘It’s a team of individuals,’ Scholes said of United. ‘You look at the difference from the Man United team to Southampton. ‘One team have got a proper coach, the other team have got a sporting director, which can’t be right for Manchester United.’ MORE : Paul Scholes backs Ralph Hasenhuttl for Manchester United job: ‘He’d be a good fit’ MORE : Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick lays down challenge to Jadon Sancho as form improves For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Former Manchester United star Paul Scholes feels his former side remain in an almighty mess – and has criticised three players who he deems are “feeling sorry for themselves”. The feel-good factor is yet to return to Old Trafford, despite the appointment of Ralf Rangnick. Indeed, since the German took… In "Slider 1" Former Watford striker, Troy Deeney, has slammed Manchester United for considering hiring Ralf Rangnick as their interim manager. Deeney also aimed a dig at Michael Carrick, Kieran McKenna, Mike Phelan, Ed Woodward and Darren Fletcher. DAILY POST reports that Rangnick is poised to take over as Man United interim manager… In "Slider 1" The appointment of Ralf Rangnick as Manchester United manager has divided the players, according to Sky Sports. While some players are delighted to start playing under the former Schalke 04 boss, others have decided to wait to see how his methods are applied. Manchester United announced the appointment of Rangnick… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!