Comedian Awkwafina has addressed criticism of her use of black vernacular and announced she is retiring from ‘the ingrown toenail that is Twitter’. Awkwafina, real name Nora Lum, is best known for her roles in Marvel film Shang-Chi And The Legend Of The Ten Rings, as well as Crazy Rich Asians, and Ocean’s Eight. The actress, who has a Chinese American father and a Korean mother, has recently faced criticism for her use of African American Vernacular English (AAVE), also known as a ‘blaccent’: language frequently used by Black communities. The 33-year-old has now responded to the backlash in a lengthy statement on Twitter, and announced she will no longer be using the site. In a post to her 262,000 followers on her use of the vernacular, she wrote: ‘There is a sociopolitical context to everything, especially the historical context of the African American community in this country. ‘And in life, linguistic acculturation, immigrant acculturation, and the inevitable passage of globalized internet slang all play a factor in the fine line between offense and pop culture. pic.twitter.com/pxSLXZD2J0 — nora (@awkwafina) February 5, 2022 ‘But as a non-black POC, I stand by the fact that I will always listen and work tirelessly to understand the history and context of AAVE, what is deemed appropriate or backwards toward the progress of ANY and EVERY marginalized group.’ She insisted that ‘to mock, belittle, or to be unkind in any way possible at the expense of others is: Simply. Not. My. Nature. It never has, and it never was.’ ‘My immigrant background allowed me to carve an American identity off the movies and TV shows I watched, the children I went to public school with, and my undying love and respect for hip hop.’ She continued: ‘I think as a group, Asian Americans are still trying to figure out what that journey means for them – what is correct and where they don’t belong. The actor said she was ‘still learning and doing that personal work’,  and will ‘spend the rest of my career doing nothing but uplifting our communities’. ‘We do this first by failing, learning, acknowledging, hearing and empathizing… And I will continue, tirelessly, to do just that.’ In an additional tweet, Awkwafina said she was leaving the platform for mental health reasons, writing: ‘Well, I’ll see you in a few years, Twitter – per my therapist. She thanked her fans for ‘continuing to love and support someone who wishes they could be a better person for you’ and apologised to them for any moments she ‘ever fell short, in anything I did’.  Victoria Coren Mitchell supports ‘good and kind’ Jimmy Carr after Holocaust joke   Peta requests criminal investigation into Jackass Forever for ‘cruelty to animals’   Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Jason Statham ‘welcome baby girl’  The actress clarified that while she is ‘retiring from the ingrown toenail that is Twitter’, she will still be available on other social media platforms ‘that don’t tell you to kill yourself’. Currently, Akwafina’s Twitter bio states that all activity on her account will be monitored by her social team until 2024. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Channing Tatum says he is too ‘traumatised’ to watch Marvel movies after Gambit film fell through MORE : Marvel Universe: When will Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings be on Disney Plus? Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!