 What had jolted Lara and all the other residents of the eastern Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk from their sleep at 5 o’clock on Thursday morning were the powerful but dull denotations of numerous Russian missiles targeting the airport and the Ukrainian military’s radar installations. At the same time, similar attacks were taking place in several other cities. The procedure was straight out of the military handbook: taking out the air defenses as the first step in a full-scale invasion. “The day before, everything was still normal and peaceful,” says Lara. “Now all of a sudden we’re at war, and no one knows what terrible things may be in store for us.” In Kramatorsk, the shops, supermarkets and restaurants are closed. Early in the morning, there are already long queues at gasoline stations, cash machines and pharmacies. There is a curfew in effect from 10 o’clock at night until 5 o’clock in the morning. During the day, it remains quiet, but for a few explosions and the occasional burst of machine-gun fire. But the Russian army is getting closer and closer to the city. It seems to be only a matter of time before it reaches Kramatorsk. And then the 150,000 inhabitants will have no choice but to flee. Many of them have been through this before, in 2014. “We were in our basement when a missile destroyed our house,” Lara recalls. “We had to get out of there as fast as we could.” That time, war had broken out following the mass demonstrations in Kyiv’s Maidan Square and the overthrow of the pro-Kremlin government. Separatists fought with Russian support against the Ukrainian army and founded the “People’s Republics” of Luhansk and Donetsk. In the eight years since then, the Donbass conflict has turned some 1.5 million people in Ukraine into refugees; and now hundreds of thousands are once again being driven from their homes. The first to be affected were the inhabitants of Sievierodonetsk, roughly 90 kilometers from Kramatorsk. The city authorities made the decision to evacuate on the first day of the war. “We organized the evacuation because the fighting was getting too close,” explains the mayor, Oleksandr Stryuk, from behind his big, varnished desk. “We set up four assembly points for residents. Those who didn’t have a car were taken to the railway station by bus and then by train to safe areas in the west of Ukraine.” The roads leading out of Sievierodonetsk are packed, the vehicles all filled to capacity. Suitcases, bags and boxes are piled up in pick-up trucks. Evidently, things are not moving fast enough for some drivers, who overtake at break-neck speed. The seemingly endless line of traffic also includes military vehicles, armored ambulances and a Médecins Sans Frontières convoy. The city itself is virtually deserted. The gray, run-down rows of Soviet-era apartment blocks add to the sense of desolation. In the city center, in the huge square with its bare trees and damp benches, there are only a few people to be seen. At the entrance to the regional administration, a soldier with helmet, bulletproof vest and rifle stands guard. The entrances to the offices are locked — no staff have turned up for work. The governor is said to have been moved to a secret location with his staff. “Get out of here,” says the young soldier with the clean-shaven, almost delicate face. “This is a state of emergency. Leave the building immediately.” He takes a step forward and holds the barrel of his gun tighter with one hand, to lend extra weight to his order. Outside, the passers-by are not much more talkative. They brush questions aside with a scowl, walk past quickly, seem annoyed. These people have remained in Sievierodonetsk even though Russian tanks could soon be rolling through the streets. They don’t want to talk about it. An elderly woman suddenly stops. But she just wants to vent her anger, and in the process reveals her sympathy for the Russian-backed separatists in the region. “For eight years, Ukraine has been shelling the people’s republics,” she claims in an angry voice. “But the moment the missiles start flying in the other direction, the whole world gets worked up about it.” She walks on in disgust. Tatjana responds somewhat differently. Asked why she has stayed, the 60-year-old pensioner replies, “Where am I supposed to go, without any family or a single cent in my pocket?” Yet she would have reason enough to leave. “Our lives here are miserable, we’re destitute, and we’ve been at war for the last eight years. Can you imagine how it feels to never know if life will still be the same tomorrow?” The uncertainty gnaws at her nerves, she says. “If the Russians do invade, at least we’ll know where we stand.” She believes they might finally bring the long-awaited peace. “For me and many others, it no longer matters who brings peace. Whoever does that will be welcome.” The words of these two women would be music to the ears of Russian President Vladimir Putin. He claims that the purpose of his invasion is to protect the Russian population, who are a minority in Ukraine. But Mayor Stryuk, who has been in office since 2020, disagrees. “No, no, Sievierodonetsk has more than 130,000 residents, and most of them do not see the Russians as liberators. They feel Ukrainian and support the national army’s fight against the invasion.” The supposedly “pro-Russian outlook” is just the result of propaganda, he says. The narrative of the oppression of the Russian-speaking population in Ukraine has indeed been spread on social media and by Russia’s state press for years. “The vast majority of the population don’t actively support either side in the conflict — they are just waiting for it to end and for peace to come,” says Volodymyr Fessenko of the Kyiv Center of Political Studies. At the railway station in Lysychansk on Thursday afternoon, several hundred people are waiting for the train that will take them to safety in western Ukraine. They include more than 150 orphans: children and teenagers aged between 6 and 18, from Sievierodonetsk and elsewhere in the local area. Most of them are sitting patiently in the school buses that have brought them to the station. “I only found out 40 minutes ago that we had to evacuate,” says Inna Sasonana, deputy director of one of the orphanages. One train has been canceled, and no one knows yet where the replacement train will be going. This is not a new experience for the 55-year-old. “We had to flee once before, in 2014, to Odesa,” she recalls. Back then she told the children they were going to the Black Sea on holiday. This time she told them they were going to a spa for a while. “But the children immediately said: ‘We’re not stupid, we know what’s going on.’” Many of them had cried bitterly when they heard that they had to leave, she says. The director of the orphanage is worried too, since she and a few colleagues will only be taking the children to their new homes. “We have to come back,” she explains. She is afraid that she will never see her charges again. “We’re all one big family,” she says, wiping the tears from her eyes. The train, in which several carriages have been set aside for the orphans, pulls in punctually at 3 p.m. The children and teenagers climb on board, noisily but in neat lines. Helpers bring supplies for the journey: bottles of water, boxes of mandarins, boiled eggs, tomatoes, chocolate. When the train slowly moves off, everyone is sitting, well behaved, in their seats. This article was originally published, in German, by Die Welt. Gunfire and explosions could be heard in Kiev and several other cities shortly after Vladimir Putin announced what he called the start of a “special military operation” against Ukraine on Thursday morning, local and international media reported. The pre-dawn quiet of many major Ukrainian cities was shattered by loud booms and the sound of gunfire, with fighting witnessed… In "Slider 2" Kenneth R. Rosen is an independent journalist based in Italy and the author, most recently, of Troubled: The Failed Promise of America’s Behavioral Treatment Programs. ZOLOTE 4, Eastern Ukraine—On Wednesday, a few days before the U.S. pulled nearly all its diplomats from Kyiv from fear of a Russian attack, a 47-year-old… In "Politics" This handout picture released on February 21, 2022 by the press service of the General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces in an unknown location of Ukraine shows Ukrainian soldiers taking part in exercises. STR / General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces / AFP   Ukraine dismissed a Russian… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!