 “The coronavirus pandemic is no longer a major health threat to most of us,” Norway’s Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre said Saturday. “The Omicron virus causes far less serious illness and we are well protected by vaccines,” he argued. From Saturday morning, requirements to keep a one-meter distance and wear a face mask are lifted; infected adults no longer have to quarantine, but are advised to stay home for four days, Reuters reported. The government also eased travel restrictions, dropping remaining requirements to carry proof of a negative test. But the government carved out an exception for travel to the archipelago of Svalbard, arguing health services are limited there. The shift follows advice by Norway’s Institute of Public Health that there aren’t clear benefits to delaying the spread of the coronavirus with restrictive measures. The government is expecting an uptick in infections as restrictions are eased, but said the country is well-placed to handle an increase. Norway already removed a large number of measures earlier in February. Denmark will no longer categorize COVID-19 as a “socially critical disease” as of February 1, Health Minister Magnus Heunicke wrote in a letter to the parliament’s epidemiology committee. Based on the recommendations of the parliament’s epidemiology committee, the government is ready to scrap almost all social restrictions by the end… In "Politics" Israelis lift placards as they chant slogans denouncing the government’s renewed restrictions to combat COVID-19, in the central coastal city of Tel Aviv, on July 31, 2021. AHMAD GHARABLI / AFP   Several hundred Israelis demonstrated Saturday in Tel Aviv against new coronavirus restrictions and vaccines as positive cases and hospitalisations rose… In "Breaking News" Britain’s Health Secretary Sajid Javid is now required to self-isolate for 10 days unless a PCR test comes back negative and he no longer has symptoms. Stefan Rousseau / POOL / AFP   British Health Secretary Sajid Javid said on Saturday he had tested positive for Covid-19 and was self-isolating —… In "Lifestyle" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!