After a long two and a half years of trying, I couldn’t believe it when I fell pregnant in early 2017. I spent years telling myself that, as a wheelchair user, it would never happen. So seeing a positive pregnancy test left me feeling shocked – and totally unprepared. It didn’t feel real. I don’t think I even believed it when I saw my first scan at nine weeks. I had so many unanswered questions about how I would actually make being a parent work. Often, it’s assumed that disabled people don’t want, or simply can’t have, children and for me, even with medical professionals, I was faced with this assumption constantly. I’m a full-time wheelchair user with Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) Type 3. SMA is a condition that is present from birth and causes muscle wastage. When I was younger I could walk quite well and then following puberty my abilities reduced as my condition started to progress quite dramatically in secondary school. It was then that I had to make the decision to use an electric wheelchair more and more, until I had to rely on it every day from the age of 12. In the back of my mind, I’d always wondered about if I was to get pregnant, how I would cope as a disabled parent. I wondered how it would progress my condition, and although I wasn’t maternal as such back then, this thought stuck with me growing up. For a lot of young women the question about when you’re planning to start a family gets asked a lot and, despite other friends being asked those types of questions, I never was. While wondering why society didn’t deem me fit to be a parent or didn’t see my desire to be one, I was also struggling with the fact that it might never happen for me and not understanding why. Was my body trying to tell me something? Was I even able to have kids? Maybe everyone was right. When it came to my condition, I worried mainly about it getting worse as sudden changes in the body (like pregnancy) are known to speed up progression in those with SMA, and I had done well to keep the progression of my condition to a minimum. So when I did fall pregnant, I was nervous – and felt like no one had any answers for me. I felt alone. So, after seeing my positive test, it felt as if all of the years of waiting had made me more anxious rather than excited. I felt totally out of my depth, for reasons beyond my control. But when it came to speaking to medical professionals about the effect a pregnancy would have on my body, it was often a ‘wait and see’ approach that filled me with dread. With SMA, the condition varies so wildly from person to person so it was often impossible for doctors to know. Things like lifting a baby from its cot and high chair once it got too heavy for me, being able to change the baby safely when it was more mobile, not being able to go out with my child alone. These are the kind of questions doctors couldn’t answer as they didn’t know how much my condition would progress or how much lifting I would be able to do when the time came. Even inquiries about whether I could have a natural birth were left unanswered until it came to me trying that, and subsequently failing. I blamed this on there being such a lack of research into disabled mothers. There’s also this belief from society that disabled people don’t have conventional relationships or families so that doesn’t help the situation. I was absolutely terrified and constantly anxious as I had no idea what my experience would look like. The pregnancy itself was great, if a little frustrating at times. There were no complications, and doctors were encouraged with just how ‘normal’ everything was turning out to be. Staff would say things like ‘great driving’ when I’d reverse my chair into the scan room, or just get really awkward and flustered around me when it came to asking basic questions about how I was going to get onto the couch for the scan. What some non-disabled people don’t know is that disabled people often have their own methods for transferring and moving, and have often thought about these in advance. I did often think about my pregnancy being fatal, especially when doctors explained the risk of how certain anaesthetic treatments are contraindicated against my condition. When the risks were discussed quite bluntly at my consultations, doctors made me worry about the choice that I had made to become a parent and about my safety, but there was literally nothing I could do to ease these worries except wait. I didn’t even know how I would give birth as doctors didn’t know if my body was capable. We discussed elective C-sections but due to my curved spine they weren’t sure if the spinal block would work effectively; we discussed having the baby early but we didn’t know how early was too early. It really was just finding out as we went along! I couldn’t help but worry I’d made a huge mistake. Then, there was the chance that I could pass SMA onto my unborn child. As I was already a carrier of the ‘faulty’ gene it was guaranteed that I would pass a copy of that to my baby, that however didn’t mean that my baby would have SMA, though. My baby could only have SMA if my partner also possessed the faulty gene – which we thankfully discovered he didn’t after a round of genetic counselling. The hardest part of my pregnancy was losing my abilities. But of course I never regretted it. I found it harder to mobilise, as my hips had moved and my centre of gravity had shifted. It meant it was much harder for me to stand unaided and to do some small things like transferring to the bed by myself. I hoped that it would change once the baby was born, but after a traumatic birth and emergency C-section in November 2017, when my son Mason was born, unfortunately I saw those abilities lost completely. Life as a disabled mother has been great, it’s been so rewarding and I love my son so much! Obviously there have been hard times, particularly the period of nine to 18 months where I found it difficult to lift him and he was unable to understand what I needed him to do in terms of climbing onto my lap so I could assist him. Thankfully, I have an amazing team of PAs who assist me with the heavy lifting but when it comes to Mason’s needs, it is me delivering all of the care, just with someone else assisting. Still, quite a few people think that my carers are Mason’s mum, and even at one point people thought my own mother was Mason’s parent! It is like they’d rather believe that my mother, who is older, is Mason’s mum rather than me, someone with a disability.  Mum and toddler forage for food together to make tasty (and free) meals   Mum shares ‘looking loudly’ technique to help parents find lost children in crowded places   The do’s and don’ts of co-parenting: Tips from a psychotherapist  Becoming a mum has been a learning curve. I’ve had to learn not to beat myself up and to trust that I am doing a good job as his mum. I’ve felt so many emotions I didn’t expect to feel – like feeling inadequate, feeling doubted by society, feeling judged. But now I have a happy almost-four-year-old and I actually have another 18-month-old son too (surprise!). Life is hectic, but amazing and I couldn’t be happier as a mum to two boys. I’m hoping that I can normalise pregnancy and parenthood with a disability. It’s something that isn’t talked about, or considered, enough – even by medical professionals. I am a happy mum to two fantastic, thriving boys, I still run my own business and we have a so-called ‘normal’ family life (as much as anyone can now!). I want to prove that disabled people do become parents… and great parents, at that! We shouldn’t judge someone’s situation based on physical ability alone, and learn to accept that there’s no ‘normal’ when it comes to parenting! Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing emmie.harrison-west@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : I expect to be treated differently depending on which wheelchair I’m using MORE : How I Do It: ‘I use a wheelchair and work for a sex toy company – this is my week in sex’ MORE : As a tennis fan left disabled by long Covid, I’m choosing not to be mad at Djokovic Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!