Mark Wright reportedly ‘won’t be approached’ by ITV bosses for new shows after allegedly quitting The Games by text. The broadcaster is said to only be happy for the former TOWIE star to appear on Soccer Air for the foreseeable future, as he would be ‘one in a sea of faces’ during the charity football match. As reported by The Sun, bosses don’t plan to approach him for any more projects after he apparently quit the reality show via text message. An insider said: ‘Mark’s name is mud at ITV at the moment. Bookers who are working on shows aren’t going to be approaching Mark to appear.’ Its said the nature of Soccer Aid – and his longevity with being involved the game – makes it an exception. The source added: ‘The only show they are happy for him to be on is Soccer Aid as he is one person in a sea of faces and has been a part of the event for years. ‘But in terms of new shows – Mark won’t be approached by ITV. Those at the top have been bruised by this and it feels like a huge snub.’ Mark had signed up for the show earlier this year, and on February 15 he was in Manchester with Coronation Street star Colson Smith for a fitness assessment and filming day. However, it’s said that days later he informed ITV he wouldn’t be able to take part as he was ‘too busy’.  Coronation Street spoilers: Two death horrors as new ITV schedule launches   18 new Emmerdale images reveal Meena’s ‘escape’ plan, secret exposed and passion   Kate Garraway responds to claim she ‘paraded husband Derek Draper’ in documentary  The show – set to be hosted by Holly Willoughby and Freddie Flintoff – will see 12 stars testing themselves in a range of athletic competitions. Six men and six women will take part in challenges in a swimming pool, gym and arena. The show – expected to air later this year after heavy delays due to the coronavirus pandemic – will also feature Alex Scott as trackside reporter, and Chris Kamara will be a commentator. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Mark and ITV for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mark Wright opens up on cancer scare after discovering lump: ‘It was growing quite fast’ MORE : Real-life couple Keeley Hawes and Matthew MacFadyen set to star as husband and wife in new ITV true drama Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!