Vladamir Putin has continued his advance on the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv hitting the city with ‘horrific rocket strikes’ in overnight raids. Heavy explosions echoed across the capital in the early hours of this morning as the second day of the invasion began with a missile barrage. Dmytro Kuleba, a top Ukrainian diplomat, said ‘horrific rocket strikes’ have hit Kyiv in an attack he compared to the city’s 1941 shelling by Nazi Germany. Fearing Kyiv would be targeted by Mr Putin’s troops, thousands of Ukrainians took shelter in air raid shelters and the capital’s subway network. Many who spent the night in makeshift bunkers emerged in the early hours of this morning to a relatively quiet city. But those in the suburbs woke to scenes of devastation after Russian rockets hit an apartment building. Mr Putin has said he is not targeting cities, but there are reports of civilian areas being hit and deaths. Vitaly Klitschko, the mayor of Kyiv, said at least three people were injured when a rocket hit a multistory apartment building in the city on Friday, starting a fire. Firefighters rushed to the scene to extinguish the blaze and debris littered the streets. Throughout this morning there have been reports of Russian troops battling Ukrainian forces in Kyiv’s suburbs as Mr Putin’s forces encroach on the capital. Ukrainian soldiers have also been sighted setting up positions in the centre of the capital as they prepare for the inevitable assault by Russian fighters. Forces downed an enemy aircraft over Kyiv early this morning, which then crashed into a residential building and set it on fire. It was unclear who the aircraft belonged to and whether it was manned or whether it could be a missile. Kyiv authorities said at least eight people were injured when the plane crashed into the apartment block. President Volodymyr Zelensky said his government has intelligence ‘subversive groups’ are encroaching on the capital while American officials say the city ‘could well be under siege’. The military has also said a group of Russian spies and saboteurs has been seen in a district of Kyiv about 3 miles north of the city centre. Addressing his nation, Mr Zelensky said he understood Russian troops were coming for him but has vowed to remain defiant and stay in Kyiv. The leader has also appealed to global leaders for even more severe sanctions than the ones imposed by Western allies and for defence assistance. ‘If you don’t help us now, if you fail to offer a powerful assistance to Ukraine, tomorrow the war will knock on your door,’ he said. Mr Zelensky cut diplomatic ties with Moscow yesterday, declared martial law and has ordered a full military mobilisation. As of Thursday night, 137 people have been killed and 316 wounded, but there are fears these numbers will have risen significantly in fresh fighting. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!