A spooky paranormal show starring Michael Parkinson that was banned after being shown on the BBC has resurfaced on TikTok and scaring the living daylights out of people again 30 years later. On Halloween 1992 a horror mockumentary titled Ghostwatch saw Parky and Sarah Greene present what appeared to be a live news report investigating paranormal activity at a family home. The report featured ‘home footage’ of a ghost terrorising two children in their bedroom with their mother rushing to get them out of the house. Viewers at home fooled by the episode complained in their droves, with more than 30,000 calls being made to the BBC switchboard in an hour as furious parents claimed their children had been left petrified. Subsequently the episode was banned from ever appearing on British TV again but is now doing the rounds again on TikTok, reminding people how terrified they were first time around. ‘Oh my god… I remember this so well. I didn’t sleep for a week,’ recalled one viewer while another went as far as claiming ‘this is still the reason I wet the bed.’ Horror writer Stephen Volk was behind the stunt, initially planning a six-episode horror before being asked to change it to a 90-minute programme.  In a piece for Examiner Live, Volk said initially there was a plan to have a quick discussion progamme in place to ‘diffuse the tension’. ‘If you are going to tell this horror gag then don’t do it half-heartedly. If you say it’s not true then you pull the teeth out of unsettling drama,’ he said. ‘We were of the opinion that when it’s finished then we can have a discussion about it. The BBC didn’t do that. When it cut to black at the end the announcer said, “And now, Match of the Day”.’ Ghostwatch was eventually blamed for giving children PTSD with the parents of one 18-year-old boy saying the show caused his death. Martin Denham was a factory worker with learning difficulties and killed himself five days after the show aired, convinced there were ghosts haunting his home. ‘He seemed a bit upset because things were happening at that time in the house that had been happening [on Ghostwatch]. The pipes were banging,’ his father told BBC News in 2017. Martin’s parents filed a complaint to the Broadcasting Standards Commission (BSC), which ruled the programme was excessively distressing and graphic. ‘The BBC had a duty to do more than simply hint at the deception it was practising on the audience. In Ghostwatch there was a deliberate attempt to cultivate a sense of menace,’ it said. MORE : Dame Helen Mirren reflects on ‘end of the road’ of her acting career MORE : Tom Holland, Andrew Garfield, and Tobey Maguire have finally blessed us with the Spider-Man meme and it’s everything  Similar post  Similar post Nikita Dragun is one of the standout stars of Hype House (Picture: Getty Images) Hype House has officially kicked off on Netflix, giving viewers a glimpse into the lives of some of the world’s most famous TikTok stars. Stars including Nikita Dragun, Chase Hudson, Thomas Petrou, Alex Warren, and Kovur… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!