Ian Rush believes Liverpool have a ’60 per cent chance’ of beating Inter Milan to a Champions League quarter-final place, but feels Edin Dzeko, Alex Sanchez and Lautaro Martinez all pose a significant threat to the Reds’ hopes. The Merseyside giants cruised into this year’s knockout phase in style, becoming the first English team in history to win all six of their group-stage games in Europe’s premier competition. Their opponents, Inter, meanwhile, advanced through as Group D runners-up behind Real Madrid and head into this evening’s last-16 first leg at the San Siro as slight underdogs to progress. However, the Serie A winners have suffered just four defeats in all competitions this season and Jurgen Klopp had nothing but praise for the opposition at his pre-match press conference, describing them as ‘rock solid’ and bursting with ‘individual quality’. Previewing the first leg for Tuttosport, Rush said Liverpool – six-time champions of Europe – were the slight favourites to reach the quarter-finals, where they lost at the hands of Real Madrid last term. However, the legendary ex-Liverpool and Wales striker warned his former club that beating Inter will be no easy task. ‘Inter are the peak of Italian football right now, in the last round of Serie A they picked up a good draw away to Napoli,’ he said. ‘It will be a hard-fought match, so despite the fact Liverpool are in good form, it won’t be easy for the Reds. ‘Considering recent results, Liverpool still have to be the favourites. ‘We know anything can happen in football, but over two legs, I’d say Jurgen Klopp’s lads have a 60 per cent chance of qualifying.’ Rush picked out Inter attackers Dzeko, Sanchez and Martinez as three players Liverpool may need to keep quiet across the tie. ‘Dzeko scored against Napoli and is in good shape, so I expect him to be the standout for Inter,’ he added. ‘Lautaro Martinez does well too and obviously Alexis Sanchez, we can’t forget his past in England and how that’ll make him even more eager to do well. ‘For Liverpool, Mohamed Salah has quality and – like Sanchez – wants to show Italian fans what he can really do, as he played for Fiorentina and Roma before coming to England.’ {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T15M","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/02/15/14/54226417-0-image-a-10_1644936919871.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-02-15T14:59:41+0000","description":"Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp holds a press conference to preview his side's Champions League last-16 clash with Inter Milan.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/02/15/2351139527385039609/480x270_MP4_2351139527385039609.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Rafa Benitez, who has managed both clubs, agrees with Rush that Liverpool are the more likely to progress, but believes the tie is ‘more balanced than many think’. Asked who is thinks are favourites to advance, the Spaniard told Il Corriere dello Sport: ‘For the strength of the Premier League, I say Liverpool 51 per cent and Inter 49 per cent. ‘It’s a more balanced game than many think. Inter didn’t qualify for the round of 16 by chance. ‘They always know what to do and are good at making the most of the opponents’ shortcomings. Their 3-5-2 can create trouble to teams that are not accustomed to facing it.  Gray kills Kheerat as he claims his fourth victim in EastEnders?   Abi makes a huge confession that she cheated in Corrie   21 new Hollyoaks images reveal life-changing mistake and huge demotion  ‘On the other hand, Liverpool play with an offensive and aggressive 4-3-3. They have intensity and I expect two exciting matches. The team that will be able to keep the ball possession for a longer time will prevail. ‘Both have the technical abilities to make the opponents run.’ MORE : Rio Ferdinand rates Man Utd, Chelsea, Liverpool and Man City’s Champions League chances MORE : ‘Very stupid pass’ – Real Madrid star Thibaut Courtois takes swipe at Toni Kroos after Kylian Mbappe’s late PSG winner Liverpool are set to return to European action on Wednesday the 16th of February. The Reds will take on Inter Milan in the first of two Round of 16 ties. Ahead of the game, fans are no doubt hoping to see new signing Luis Diaz in action. Luis Diaz was… In "Sports" Former Manchester United striker, Michael Owen, has predicted the outcome of Wednesday’s Champions League round of 16 fixtures. Inter Milan will host Liverpool at San Siro in the Champions League round of 16 first-leg tie. Bayern Munich will face Red Bull Salzburg in an away Champions League round of 16… In "Slider 2" Former Liverpool manager, Rafa Benitez, has backed Jurgen Klopp’s side to beat Inter Milan when both teams clash in the Champions League round of 16 first-leg tie on Wednesday. Benitez believes Liverpool are the slight favourites to progress to the Champion League quarter-final ahead of Inter Milan. The Spaniard said… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!