Young Africans studying in Ukraine say they have suffered racism at the Polish border, where some 500,000 refugees fleeing the invasion have crossed. Several videos posted on social media appeared to show tense confrontations with border guards in which crowds of predominantly Black people were shouted at or obstructed. In one clip, men in hi-vis jackets could be seen standing in formation next to white vans blocking the road, refusing to let anyone pass. Some raised both hands to show they are not carrying weapons, shouting ‘We are students! We are not armed!’, before the crowd burst through the barricade and ran towards the border. The user who posted the clip, a man of Nigerian origin, wrote: ‘Their Police and Army refused to let Africans cross they only allow Ukrainian. ‘Some have slept here for 2 days under this scorching cold weather, while many have gone back to Lviv.’ A large number of refugees of African, Middle Eastern and Asian origin have successfully made it into Poland, although fears have grown of an impending humanitarian crisis with limited shelter and supplies at checkpoints. Many Africans remain stranded in Ukraine, according to two Londoners, Tokunbo Koiki and Patricia Daley, who have raised £20,043 online in less than two days with the help of a medical student in Ukraine named Koko. Watch how they are threatening to shoot us! We are currently at the Ukraine -Poland border.Their Police and Army refused to let Africans cross they only allow Ukrainian.Some have slept here for 2 days under this scorching cold weather, while many have gone back to Lviv. pic.twitter.com/47YG4gxFC4 — Nze (@nzekiev) February 27, 2022 They say they have sent around £3,000 to Afro-Caribbean students after going through a verification process. Citing conversations with fleeing students, Ms Koiki told ITV News: ‘There’s a segregation that’s happening at the borders. ‘White Ukrainians have been allowed in with open arms, and blankets.” ‘This is the anti-blackness that is global. So even within a war, even within being under siege, we still have racism.’ The money is going towards travel and accommodation, while the organisers are also helping the students find others in similar situations and map routes out of the country. Ms Koiki added: ‘People are scared. People are really, really terrified. Especially for the people in the major cities who are currently under attack. ‘We’ve had students who simply couldn’t afford a bus, we’ve been able to send them funds and they’ve been able to split the cost to make it easier, and really create a sense of community.’ Ms Daley said a number of people in Poland had contacted her to offer transport and shelter to stranded students, but said her ‘overwhelming conclusion’ was to despair at the racism they had suffered. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Africans fleeing the conflict in Ukraine have said they faced racism and discrimination at the border between Poland and Ukraine. Some Africans said officials rudely stopped them from crossing the border for days, in spite of the cold and lack of food and other supplies, even as they let white… In "Slider 2" A former minister of aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has reacted angrily to the reported mistreatment of Nigerians and citizens of other African countries by Polish and Ukrainian authorities. There are reports that Poland and the other European nations that border the Ukraine are not allowing Africans into their countries. They are… In "Slider 2" File photo used to illustrate story. President Muhammadu Buhari has lamented the ill-treatment being meted out to Nigerian nationals, and citizens of other African countries in Ukraine amid the ongoing war in the country. Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President (Media & Publicity) in a statement on Sunday… In "Slider 2" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!