 One of the world’s greatest emitters of CO2, the steel industry is aging rapidly and its progress toward lowering carbon emissions lags behind that of more modern and agile sectors. Given its roots in the industrial revolution, there is understandably much work to be done to help it meet the world’s sustainable goals. At the same time, according to Oxford Economics, steel manufacturers have a significant presence in 22 of the 27 countries in the EU, directly employing 320,000 workers and making a €20.7 billion contribution to GDP. The industry is also a critical part of the future sustainable economy through its central role in the creation of electric vehicles, wind turbines and rapidly-advancing medical technology. While Europe is working hard to produce green solutions and deploy funding, some parts of it, such as Ukraine, are only just beginning the journey. While the country has halved its pollutant emissions over the past decade, this is not enough, and we need to work together to invest in a sustainable future for steel. The European picture: What has been pledged so far? Over the past six months, European leaders have identified steel as a key part of the sustainability transition, such as in Ursula von der Leyen’s Green Deal speech in Brussels, and at COP26 in Glasgow, where an industry-wide pledge was made to cut carbon emissions, create jobs and improve quality of life. Some countries have been more forthcoming than others in the bid to reduce CO2 emissions by 55 percent by 2030. Steel manufacturers and the wider industry supply chain must prioritize the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals to show that they are committed to a more sustainable future. These should include commitments to work towards decarbonizing production processes through upgrading equipment and using new technologies. As one of the world’s largest integrated steel and mining businesses, Metinvest spent over $200 million on environmental initiatives in 2020, a record amount for the group. Its development priorities are aimed at preserving a strategically important industry, being environmentally friendly and adhering to all international standards. Along with other global steel producers, Metinvest is determined to reduce the carbon footprint of its Ukrainian assets, which remain the largest contributors to its CO2 emissions. As for CO2-related objectives, its strategic goal is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by more than 90 percent by 2050, using a step-by-step approach with key milestones in 2030 and 2040. Metinvest is determined to reduce the carbon footprint of its Ukrainian assets, which remain the largest contributors to its CO2 emissions. Looking forward: Paving the way for greener steel Steel companies must focus on known technologies, including direct reduced iron (DRI) in combination with electric arc furnaces (EAF), which can generate a rapid positive effect as measured by international standards. To put this into context, this incremental approach will help Metinvest reduce CO2 emissions by 2050 and completely abolish the carbon-intensive sinter-making process, which is responsible for significant emissions. In addition, the Steel Action Plan, which was implemented in 2020 by Germany and other European countries, calls for investments in technologies that are low in greenhouse gas emissions, such as the industrial use of hydrogen. Hydrogen can be used either as an auxiliary reducing agent in a blast furnace or as the sole reducing agent in the DRI process. However, it is costly. When cheap hydrogen becomes available, it can be used to achieve near-zero CO2 emissions. This is something all steel producers should explore and educate themselves about, in the hope that a method can be found to produce cost-effective hydrogen. Ukraine’s current education system provides an inadequate number of engineers to support steel production and lacks the quality required to train the next generation of steelworkers. To pave the way for lower-carbon steel, we must continue driving innovative technologies forward, upgrading the IT skills of our workforce and encouraging future generations to join the industry. To make this possible, Metinvest has founded Metinvest Polytechnic, the first private metals and mining university open to everyone in Ukraine, which is expected to welcome its first students in autumn 2022. Its mission is to introduce the best standards to develop a new higher technical education system, and it aims to inspire younger people to fall in love with our industry. Steel companies must focus on known technologies, including direct reduced iron (DRI) in combination with electric arc furnaces. Challenges on the horizon We know that transforming aging technology into sustainable and modern equipment will mean uprooting an entire steelmaking infrastructure. We also know that this is going to be a very costly and time-consuming process. For example, one DRI module in combination with an EAF and casting costs at least €1 billion. For the construction of a plant with a capacity of 4-4.5 million tons of electric steel, at least €2 billion will be required. Changing the technology completely will require significant investment, for which government support will be vital. Today, however, there is inadequate funding for programs, and limited progress on developing them in Ukraine, the EU and the rest of the world. We hope to encourage governments to move in this direction. Any decarbonization strategy must include working on new technologies that can be deployed across the metals and mining supply chain. A collaborative approach At last year’s COP26 conference, nearly 200 countries adopted a global climate pact, which reflects the worldwide movement to reach carbon neutrality by the middle of the century. For the decarbonization of steel to be achieved, there must be a similar global effort and the entire supply chain must work together in unison. Obtaining raw materials through the mining process is still a non-renewable process, and therefore any decarbonization strategy must include working on new technologies that can be deployed across the metals and mining supply chain. The steel industry must lead the green transition as an industry player driving change, in order to accelerate its decarbonization journey and give steel its second, sustainable life. The international departures area is seen at Ngurah Rai airport in Tuban near Denpasar on the Indonesian resort island of Bali on October 5, 2021, ahead of the airport’s reopening on October 14 to some international travellers. (Photo by SONNY TUMBELAKA / AFP)   How can passengers take 10 billion… In "Breaking News" For many consumers, especially in developing countries, their interest in products lie primarily in the direct benefit the products avail them. Not many actually pay attention to the impact of their consumption on the environment in the short term and for the long term. This may be the reason why… In "Business" From Forest to Frame: Affordable Mass timber Housing: There is an African proverb, “home is not where you live, home is where you belong.” It is through community that the individual achieves self-actualisation, and the collective coheres. Housing is the anchor the ‘self and collective,’ and Africa faces a critical… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!