Wragby Business Solutions & Technologies Limited’s decision to assiduously work towards ISO 27001 accreditation demonstrates the company’s commitment to continually improving products and services. To become ISO/IEC 27001:2013 compliant, Wragby team underwent an extensive company-wide audit that included quality management system development, a management system documentation review, pre-audit, initial assessment, and clearance of non-conformances. ISO certification is one of the most rigorous and well-regarded international standards in the world. The Wragby team were audited by PECB and were presented with their certificate in February 2022. Having evolved into a product company, gaining ISO/IEC 27001:2013 reinforces Wragby’s relentless focus on creating industry-leading products and services, measured against global benchmarks of industry excellence. In a statement signed by Akin Ayodele, Wragby Business Solutions & Technologies Limited’s Chief Digital Officer: “Achieving ISO 27001 certification is great news and means our customers have complete assurance our products operate to the highest quality standard…” “Achieving the ISO 27001 certification is a laudable attainment for us as an organization. It is simply a way to show our stakeholders (including our customers), that we take Information Security seriously while providing the assurance that Our Operations, Services and Solutions are delivered to the highest standards of Cyber Security and can scale globally”. The post Wragby Receives ISO 27001 Certification appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Union Systems Limited (USL) has been awarded the ISO Certifications on Quality Management System (ISO 9001:2015) and Information Security Management System (ISO 27001:2013). These certificates were attained following a rigorous company-wide external audit by the Professional Evaluation and Certification Board (PECB), a globally recognized ISO certification body. The ISO 9001:2015… In "Business" Justin Beals Contributor Share on Twitter Justin Beals is the CEO and co-founder of Strike Graph, a SaaS solution that simplifies security compliance such as SOC 2 Type I/II, HIPAA and ISO 27000 Series to achieve trust and move deals. As a former CTO, I know that integrations are required… In "Business" For improved business processes and consistent delivery of quality products and services to customers, Investment One Financial Services Limited has been awarded the International Organization for Standardisation (ISO) certification for information security management. The company said the ISO re-certification signifies that the organisation adheres to the highest internationally recognized standards… In "Business" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!