Brian Cox delivered a powerful speech in support of Ukraine at the Screen Actors Guild Awards (SAG), after Russia launched an invasion of the country. The Logan Roy actor, 75, was joined by his Succession co-stars to accept the award for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series – winning the gong over The Handmaid’s Tale, The Morning Show, Squid Game and Yellowstone. Appearing on stage at the Santa Monica Barker Hangar on Sunday, he used the moment to urge everyone to stick together. Taking the mic at the ceremony, he said that the situation is ‘particularly awful in terms of what is affecting the other people, particularly in our profession.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘The thing that’s really distressed me is what’s happening in Russia, to my fellow actors and actresses and performers, and writers and critics, they are told under pain of high treason that they cannot say a word about Ukraine,’ he told the audience. ‘And I think that is pretty awful. And I think we should all stand together.’ Heaping praise on the Ukrainian president, former actor Volodymyr Zelensky, Brian continued:’The president of Ukraine was a comic. ‘He was a wonderful comic performer, and we should respect that for him, and to come to the presidency is amazing.’ Following his speech, the Hollywood legend received a standing ovation from the audience as he left the stage with his Succession co-stars. Brian wasn’t the only famous face to refer to the escalating conflict during the evening. Leslie Odom Jr spoke of the situation during the opening segment for the ceremony, alongside his Hamilton co-stars Lin-Manuel Miranda and Daveed Diggs. ‘While tonight is a celebration, we are all at the same time holding a place in our hearts for the people of Ukraine, and sending our thoughts, prayers and hopes for impending peace,’ he said. Jean Smart also asked the audience and viewers at home to ‘pray for peace’ as she accepted the trophy for outstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy series, for Hacks. Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Limited Series Murray Bartlett (The White Lotus) Oscar Isaac (Scenes From a Marriage) Michael Keaton (Dopesick) Ewan McGregor (Halston) Evan Peters (Mare of Easttown) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Limited Series Jennifer Coolidge (The White Lotus) Cynthia Erivo (Genius: Aretha) Margaret Qualley (Maid) Jean Smart (Mare of Easttown) Kate Winslet (Mare of Easttown) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series Michael Douglas (The Kominsky Method) Brett Goldstein (Ted Lasso) Steve Martin (Only Murders in the Building) Martin Short (Only Murders in the Building) Jason Sudeikis (Ted Lasso) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series Elle Fanning (The Great) Sandra Oh (The Chair) Jean Smart (Hacks) Juno Temple (Ted Lasso) Hannah Waddingham (Ted Lasso) Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series The Great (Hulu) Hacks (HBO Max) The Kominsky Method (Netflix) Only Murders in the Building (Hulu) Ted Lasso (Apple TV Plus) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series Brian Cox (Succession) Billy Crudup (The Morning Show) Kieran Culkin (Succession) Lee Jung-Jae (Squid Game) Jeremy Strong (Succession) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series Jennifer Aniston (The Morning Show) Jung Ho-yeon (Squid Game) Elizabeth Moss (The Handmaid’s Tale) Sarah Snook (Succession) Reese Witherspoon (The Morning Show) Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series The Handmaid’s Tale (Hulu) The Morning Show (Apple TV Plus) Squid Game (Netflix) Succession (HBO) Yellowstone (Paramount Network) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role Caitríona Balfe (Belfast) Cate Blanchett (Nightmare Alley) Ariana DeBose (West Side Story) Kirsten Dunst (The Power of the Dog) Ruth Negga (Passing) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role Ben Affleck (The Tender Bar) Bradley Cooper (Licorice Pizza) Troy Kotsur (CODA) Jared Leto (House of Gucci) Kodi Smit-McPhee (The Power of the Dog) Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role Jessica Chastain (The Eyes of Tammy Faye) Olivia Colman (The Lost Daughter) Lady Gaga (House of Gucci) Jennifer Hudson (Respect) Nicole Kidman (Being the Ricardos) Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role Javier Bardem (Being the Ricardos) Benedict Cumberbatch (The Power of the Dog) Andrew Garfield (Tick, Tick … Boom!) Will Smith (King Richard) Denzel Washington (The Tragedy of Macbeth) Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture Belfast (Focus Features) CODA (Apple Original Films) Don’t Look Up (Netflix) House of Gucci (MGM/United Artists Releasing) King Richard (Warner Bros) Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion Picture Black Widow Dune The Matrix Resurrections No Time to Die Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Television Series Cobra Kai The Falcon and the Winter Soldier Loki Mare of Easttown Squid Game Their words came President Vladimir Putin’s military crossed the border of Ukraine on Thursday, and have been advancing towards capital city Kyiv over the weekend. The politician has now put Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert, ordering his defence minister and army chief to ‘transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty’, according to the state-owned TASS news agency. In a statement on Sunday, Mr Putin said: ‘Western countries aren’t only taking unfriendly actions against our country in the economic sphere, but top officials from leading NATO members made aggressive statements regarding our country.  Peaky Blinders fans in tears as series 6 opens with tribute to Helen McCrory   Trigger Point viewers call out ‘obvious’ Karl twist in Vicky McClure’s explosive finale   Arthur fans pay tribute to diverse cartoon that tackled important themes as show ends  ‘I mean illegitimate sanctions, which everyone is well aware of. ‘Senior officials of the leading NATO countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the Minister of Defense and the Chief of the General Staff [of the Russian Armed Forces] to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Susanna Reid ‘physically sick’ as Vladimir Putin orders Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert amid Ukraine invasion MORE : Euphoria: Will there be a season 3? Dame Helen Mirren became the most decorated actor to ever receive the Sag’s lifetime achievement award (Picture: REX/Shutterstock for SAG Awards) Helen Mirren, Will Smith and the cast of Squid Game are among the big winners of the 2022 Screen Actors Guild awards. The prestigious awards ceremony took place on… In "Metro" Cox urges Hollywood to stand with Russian actors and performers who ‘cannot say a word about Ukraine’ In "Breaking News" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Susanna Reid admitted she felt ‘physically sick’ after learning President Vladimir Putin had put Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert amid the Ukraine invasion.  Mr Putin’s military continued to advance towards the… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!