 This is contained in a list released on Tuesday after agreeing to zone and alternate offices between the north and south in the forthcoming dispensation. Read more below. APC EXTRAORDINARY NATIONAL CONVENTION 2022 ZONING OF NATIONAL OFFICES South-South: (Akwa Ibom, Bayelsa, Cross River, Delta, Edo and Rivers States) 1. National Vice Chairman (SS) 2. National Publicity Secretary 3. National Women Leader 4. Deputy National Treasurer 5. Deputy National Welfare Secretary 6. Zonal Secretary 7. Zonal Youth Leader 8. Zonal Organizing Secretary 9. Zonal Women Leader 10. Zonal Special (Persons with Disability- PWD) Leader South-West: (Ekiti, Lagos, Ogun, Ondo, Osun, and Oyo States) 1. National Secretary 2. National Vice Chairman (South-West) 3. National Youth Leader 4. Deputy National Auditor 5. Zonal Secretary 6. Zonal Youth Leader 7. Zonal Organizing Secretary 8. Zonal Women Leader 9. Zonal Special (Persons with Disability- PWD) Leader South-East: (Abia, Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo States) 1. Deputy National Chairman (S) 2. National Vice Chairman (SE) 3. National Treasurer 4. National Welfare Secretary 5. Deputy National Organizing Secretary 6. Zonal Secretary 7. Zonal Youth Leader 8. Zonal Organizing Secretary 9. Zonal Women Leader 10. Zonal Special (Persons with Disability- PWD) Leader North-East: (Adamawa, Bauchi, Borno, Gombe, Taraba and Yobe States) 1. Deputy National Chairman 2. National Auditor 3. National Vice Chairman (NW) 4. Deputy National Financial Secretary 5. Deputy National Women Leader 6. Zonal Secretary 7. Zonal Youth Leader 8. Zonal Organizing Secretary 9. Zonal Women Leader 10. Zonal Special (Persons with Disability- PWD) Leader North-Central: (Benue, Kogi, Kwara, Nasarawa, Niger, and Plateau States) 1. National Chairman 2. National Vice Chairman (NC) 3. Deputy National Secretary 4. Deputy National Legal Adviser 5. Deputy National Publicity Secretary 6. Zonal Secretary 7. Zonal Youth Leader 8. Zonal Organizing Secretary 9. Zonal Women Leader 10. Zonal Special (Persons with Disability- PWD) Leader North-West: (Jigawa, Kaduna, Kano, Katsina, Kebbi, Sokoto and Zamfara States) 1. National Vice Chairman (NW) 2. National Legal Adviser 3. National Organizing Secretary 4. National Financial Secretary 5. Deputy National Youth Leader 6. Zonal Secretary 7. Zonal Youth Leader 8. Zonal Organizing Secretary 9. Zonal Women Leader 10. Zonal Special (Persons with Disability – PWD) Leader DRAFT NATIONAL CONVENTION PROGRAMME: 1. Arrival of Accredited National Delegates 2. Arrival of National Chairman and members of NCECPC 3. Arrival of the APC State Governors 4. Arrival of the Speaker of the House of Representatives 5. Arrival of the Senate President 6. Arrival of the Vice President 7. Arrival of the President 8. The National Anthem 9. Opening Prayers 10. Introduction and Recognition of guests 11. Interlude 12. Opening Remarks by Chairman Convention Planning Committee (with Deputy Chairman and Sub-Committee Chairpersons) 13. Welcome Address by National Caretaker and Extraordinary Convention Committee Chairman 14. Interlude 15. Remarks by Selected Stakeholders and Party Leaders 16. Interlude 17. Remarks by Chairman, Progressive Governors’ Forum 18. Remarks by Chairman, Northern States Governors’ Forum 19. Remarks by Chairman, Southern States Governors’ Forum 20. Remarks by Chairman, Nigeria Governors’ Forum 21. Interlude 22. Remarks by the Speaker of the House of Representatives 23. Remarks by the Senate President 24. Interlude 25. Remarks by the Vice President 26. Special Remarks by the President 27. Interlude 28. Elections into National Offices of the APC 29. Interlude 30. Counting and Collation of Votes 31. Declaration of Results/Swearing in of the newly elected executives 32. Acceptance Speech by the newly elected Chairman of the APC 33. Motion for closing of the 2022 Extraordinary National Convention 34. Closing Remarks by the Deputy Chairman Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee 35. Closing Prayers 36. National Anthem 37. Departure in reverse order The post Breaking: APC zones National Chairman to NC; See other offices appeared first on Expressive Info. Nigeria's First Lady, Aisha Buhari. Various contestants endorsed by Nigeria's First Lady, Aisha Buhari have all won in the just concluded state congress of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Adamawa.   A unity list said to have been endorsed by Aisha Buhari saw all the names listed, winning various… In "Breaking News" The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has zoned the position of its national chairman to the North. The party explained that the current offices being held by officers in the Southern zones of the country, namely: South West, South East and South South zones, should swap places with the offices currently… In "Business" Barely four days to the conduct of the state congresses of the All Progressives Congress (APC) nationwide, leaders of the party in Oyo State have zoned the state chairmanship to Oke-Ogun Zone 1 in the new zoning template. This was contained in a communique issued after a stakeholders’ meeting held… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!