In a statement released on Friday night, Galaxy Backbone (GBB) stressed that “the outage experienced by some of the customers earlier reported has now been completely resolved”. Galaxy Backbone had in the recent days experienced disruptions on its network services, affecting the customers across government establishments and private businesses. Meanwhile, Professor Muhammad Bello Abubakar, the Managing Director and Chief Executive of Galaxy Backbone Limited, said that the entire management are grateful to all the customers “for standing by us and believing in our ability and competence to get this resolved”. “We are proud of the doggedness and dedication of all the Engineers and Application Experts who worked round the clock since this issue occurred and never gave up until this was fully resolved. The statement signed by Chidi Okpala, Head of Corporate Communications, also reads: “We also thank well-meaning Nigerians and our stakeholders who believed in our ability to get this resolved. We thank the Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Professor Isa Ali Ibrahim Pantami, whose guidance, intervention and support during this period has been unwavering. “The Management of Galaxy Backbone Limited would like to reiterate that the temporary outage experienced by our customers had nothing to do with any form of security breach on our Infrastructure as earlier stated on some platforms. The security of data of our customers and stakeholders is extremely paramount to us and we maintain the highest level of international standards, equipment and policies in ensuring data is kept secure at all times”. The MD said that during the period of the outage, the organization has worked closely with its customers and all communication shared has been consistent at all levels with no contradictions. “GBB has put in all the necessary structures based on global standards to ensure that such an outage is never again experienced by any of our customers in either the public or private sector. “As our customers resume their services to the public, our team of Engineers, Service Delivery and Support Experts would be working closely with them in the event of any problems that may need resolution. “We are committed to maintaining excellent service delivery and enhancement of the digital services experience of our customers. Thank you”, the statement concludes. Galaxy Backbone (GBB) led by Professor Mohammad Bello Abubakar, Managing Director/CEO, is the the digital Infrastructure and Shared Services provider and an agency under the Federal Ministry of Communications & Digital Economy (Nigeria). The post JUST IN: Galaxy Backbone Outage Now Over, Service Back To Normal appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. North Korea has reportedly sentenced a man to death for smuggling copies of Netflix’s “Squid Game” blockbuster series into the country. “Squid Game” is a viral South Korean survival thriller that shows a group of contestants participating in a mysterious survival game with a grand prize total of nearly $40… In "Slider 1" Air Force Chief of Staff General Lee Seong-yong in a photo taken in 2010. He apologised for the death of the victim. (PHOTO: REPUBLIC OF KOREA AIR FORCE)     South Korea’s air force chief resigned Friday over the suicide of a woman master sergeant who was allegedly sexually assaulted… In "Breaking News" File Photo:  North Korean leader Kim Jong Un     North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has blamed the United States for tensions on the peninsula and accused the South of hypocrisy, state media reported Tuesday, as he opened an exhibition showcasing his nuclear-armed country’s weapons. The “wrong judgment and… In "Breaking News" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!