Emmerdale star Samantha Giles, who identifies as a ‘white witch’ has said she met her husband while she was a man in another life. The Bernice Blackstock actress has spoken a number of times about Pagan witchcraft and spells – which include charms to help you sell your house and to assist fertility. Last year, Sam launched a website selling magic spells, charms and crystals. ‘I believe that magic is all around us; from the beauty of the setting sun to the power of our own thoughts which can create our reality’, she said as she discussed the website launch. ‘I write and put together handmade charms and spells which enable YOU to harness the power of natural white magic and make it work for you to improve your life!’ Speaking on the Wonderbirds YouTube channel, Sam revealed more about her use of magic and meeting her husband:  This romantic road trip will take you to all the most beautiful spots in the Lake District   Take a look inside the Orient Express trains that will return to Italy in 2023   Should I book a holiday abroad this year? Experts weigh in  ‘It was weird really, because I was this man actually, and I’d gone to work on this fairground, and the weird thing is it was before I’d met my husband, but I looked like my husband. I had black curly hair and the woman that I was marrying, if you like, looked like me now. ‘So when I met my husband, I had this feeling of meeting him when I saw him – “I know you, I’ve met you before”. So it was almost as if we’d looked like each other in another life.’ Sam previously admitted to having cast a love spell on her husband in 2010 and soaps pundit Sharon Marshall shared a testimonial on Sam’s website about purchasing a fertility spell and then conceiving after numerous failed rounds of IVF. Samantha returned to her role as Bernice in Emmerdale last year. The character threw herself into trying to win Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) back, who was engaged and happily planning his wedding to Leyla Harding (Roxy Shahidi). On the day of Leyla and Liam’s wedding, Bernice took her plan to extreme levels and even confronted the couple wearing a wedding dress, thinking Liam would leave Leyla for her! MORE : Spoilers: 10 soap moments this week with EastEnders death and Emmerdale Meena murder shock If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. Betty White in 2005 (File/AFP)     Actress Betty White, who made US television audiences laugh for more than seven decades, starring on popular sitcoms “The Golden Girls” and “The Mary Tyler Moore Show,” died Friday at age 99. The pioneering Emmy-winning comedienne enjoyed one of the longest careers in… In "Entertainment" Nollywood star, Anita Joseph-Olagunju has addressed critics waiting for the end of her marriage with celebrity hype man, Fisayo Olagunju, popularly known as MC Fish. The actress, on her Instagram page on Tuesday, stated that those who wanted her marriage to ‘sink’ would be the ones to ‘sink’. Sharing a… In "Slider 2" Will history repeat itself? (Pictures: ITV) As Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) holds Billy (Jay Kontzle) and Dawn (Olivia Bromley) at gunpoint on a remote viaduct in upcoming scenes in Emmerdale, our minds naturally turn to a previous occasion involving a killer nurse and a viaduct. Former Emmerdale villain Emma Barton… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!