 Cardinal Jean-Claude Hollerich of Luxembourg in a recent interview with KDA, a German Catholic news agency, said the church is “no longer correct” in its teachings about homosexuality. He said: “The Church’s positions on homosexual relationships as sinful are wrong. “I believe that the sociological and scientific foundation of this doctrine is no longer correct. It is time for a fundamental revision of Church teaching, and the way in which Pope Francis has spoken of homosexuality could lead to a change in doctrine.” He added: “In our archdiocese, in Luxembourg, no one is fired for being homosexual, or divorced and remarried. I can’t toss them out – they would become unemployed, and how can such a thing be Christian? As for homosexual priests, there are many of these, and it would be good if they could talk about this with their bishop without his condemning them.” Cardinal Hollerich’s statement got attention because of his position in the church. He leads the Commission of the Bishops’ Conferences of the European Union, and is also the pope’s choice for “relator general” for the October 2023 global Synod of Bishops, where he will help shape its work to weigh the church’s future. Reacting to Hollerich’s statement, Bishop Joseph Strickland of Tyler, Texas, an outspoken conservative, tweeted: “This Cardinal seems to be claiming a private revelation which is contrary to scripture & the Catechism of the Catholic Church. Any private revelation that contradicts public revelation must be condemned.” The post “The Church is wrong on LGBTQ doctrines” Cardinal tells Church to accommodate homosexuals appeared first on Expressive Info. File Photo of Pope Francis Filippo MONTEFORTE / POOL / AFP   Pope Francis on Thursday rejected an offer by top German bishop Reinhard Marx to resign over the huge child sex abuse scandal rocking the Church, urging the cardinal known for his reforms to stay and help shape change in… In "Slider 1" Cardinal Reinhard Marx, Archbishop of Munich and Freising, addresses a press conference in Munich, southern Germany, on June 4, 2021, after he had offered Pope Francis his resignation over the church’s “institutional and systemic failure” in its handling of child sex abuse scandals. AFP   One of Germany’s leading Catholic… In "Breaking News" A friar holds a rosary in St.Peter’s Square on July 6, 2021 while Pope Francis is hospitalized at the Policlinico A. Gemelli Hospital in Rome after a scheduled surgery for a symptomatic diverticular stenosis of the colon The scheduled surgery was done on July 4. – Pope Francis, 84, on… In "Slider 1" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!