Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) is set to react badly to the news former drug dealer Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) is seeing his daughter Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) in Coronation Street. On Monday, Steve and Tracy (Kate Ford) rushed to hospital after learning Amy had collapsed on a night out. The doctor updated Amy’s parents, informing them they think she had her drink spiked. And when Jacob approached, Steve wasted no time in accusing him of putting Amy in hospital. Jacob denied the accusations and tried to prove he had changed his ways but, as recent pictures reveal, Steve’s anger will ensue as he ends up punching Jacob in the face. As this storyline has only just begun, Steve won’t be seeing the back of Jacob just yet, but could we be waving goodbye to Steve soon? ‘My advice would be to go on holiday for a very long time and have a break!’, Simon Gregson said.  Emmerdale spoilers: New video reveals Meena’s devastating revenge after kidnapping Dawn   Neighbours spoilers: Freya Van Dyke reveals Zara’s devastation as she loses everything   9 clues, hints and questions after Part 1 of Emmerdale’s big Meena week  ‘I think what he has to do is just watch it from the wings and be there for Amy if needs be, that’s the only thing he can do.’ Given the fact Simon Gregson appeared in last year’s series of I’m A Celebrity, Steve McDonald will temporarily leave the cobbles to account for Simon’s time in the castle. Could this be his exit storyline? Will a stressed Steve decide to head on holiday as Amy and Jacob peruse their relationship? If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. Given Jacob’s drug-dealing past, Steve and Tracy weren’t happy (Pictures: ITV) Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) and Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) have been going out of their mind with worry over Amy’s (Elle Mulvaney) new man in Coronation Street. Aware their daughter was seeing someone; Steve and Tracy couldn’t help but… In "Metro" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) is left utterly crushed in Coronation Street when Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) brands him ‘trash’. The young lad is currently in relationship with Steve’s daughter Amy (Elle… In "Metro" Amy is playing a dangerous game (Picture: MCPIX/ZENPIX) Coronation Street’s Amy Barlow is going to be playing a very risky game as she hooks up with drug dealer Jacob – which is sure to go down well with her parents Steve and Tracy McDonald (Simon Gregson and Kate Ford). Jacob… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!