A tank has been filmed crushing a moving car in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv before reversing back over it, as the Russian invasion of the country continues. The shocking footage shows the tank driving over the vehicle as it travels down a road in the city’s Obolon district, with the driver still inside at the moment of impact. Additional video shows people rushing to the car after the incident, with the elderly driver alive and trapped inside. A local resident who shared the footage with The Independent told the outlet the video was of ‘Russian “liberators” on the streets of Kyiv [crushing] the cars of civilians’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The Ukrainian ministry of defence later confirmed its forces had chased down ‘an enemy sabotage and reconnaissance group’. ‘Horrific rocket strikes’ hit the city in the early hours of Friday – the second day of the incursion – with top diplomat Dmytro Kuleba tweeting the last time the capital ‘experienced anything like this was in 1941 when it was attacked by Nazi Germany’. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T15S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/02/25/09/54640633-0-image-m-40_1645782388027.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-02-25T09:45:37+0000","description":"Miraculously, video shows the rescue of the elderly driver from his crushed vehicle.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/02/25/2123392501773386006/480x270_MP4_2123392501773386006.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video He wrote: ‘Ukraine defeated that evil and will defeat this one. Stop Putin. Isolate Russia. Sever all ties. Kick Russia out of [everywhere].’  Russian platoon ‘surrenders saying they didn’t think they had been sent to kill’   Turkish ship hit by bomb off coast of Ukraine   Ukraine expected to fall by Monday despite entire country being mobilised  The country’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, has vowed to stay in Kyiv, despite saying he has obtained information suggesting he is Russia’s ‘number one target’. He said in a video message: ‘[The] enemy has marked me down as the number one target. My family is the number two target. ‘They want to destroy Ukraine politically by destroying the head of state. I will stay in the capital. My family is also in Ukraine.’ Zelensky’s spokesperson has also said the Ukrainian president is willing to hold ceasefire and peace talks with Russia ‘immediately’. Meanwhile, in his latest televised address, Russian president Vladimir Putin called on Ukraine’s army to revolt against ‘druggies and neo-Nazis’ in Kyiv, making unsubstantiated claims they were holding citizens ‘hostage’. Putin previously said the invasion would lead to the ‘demilitarisation and denazification of Ukraine’. Soliders from Russia have reportedly been said to have been seen heading towards Kyiv clothed as civilians in an attempt to infiltrate the city under the cover of being refugees. Some are understood to have done so in Ukrainian military vehicles. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. The Chernobyl nuclear power plant has been captured by Russian forces as fighting rages across Ukraine following the invasion (Picture: Rex/Getty/AP) The seizure of Chernobyl by Russian forces has been branded ‘irresponsible in the extreme’ as fighting rages across Ukraine. The Kremlin’s troops have captured the nuclear power plant during… In "Metro" Russian forces have invaded Ukraine (Picture: REUTERS) Russian forces have launched an attack on Ukraine, with swathes of the country – including capital city Kyiv, bring hit by rocket strikes. Troops from Russia have crossed the Crimea border into Ukraine after President Vladimir Putin gave the order for his invasion… In "Metro" To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Russian missile strikes on Ukraine have continued through the night, including on the capital Kyiv. As of Thursday night, 137 dead and 316 were wounded but there are fears this number will… In "Metro" Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!