Gut-wrenching footage shows the moment a fearless Ukrainian ran out in front of a Russian military convoy in an effort to block the Kremlin’s advance. Video posted on social media by Ukrainian outlet HB shows the lone man risking his life by trying to block armoured vehicles streaking along the road towards him. Gasps are heard from the people filming the incident as the brave individual confronts the Russian troops . The vehicles appear to drive around him and the man does not appear to be harmed during the 28-second clip. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live His defiant act is believed to have taken place in the south of Ukraine, close to Crimea. {"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T21S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/02/25/16/54657363-0-image-m-13_1645807146411.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-02-25T16:39:21+0000","description":"It's a scene reminiscent of Tiananmen Square's 'tank man'.","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/02/25/4344800678119849005/480x270_MP4_4344800678119849005.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video The incident echoed the iconic image of a lone protester standing in front of a line of tanks in Beijing’s Tiananmen Square in June 1989. The man, who became known to the world as ‘Tank man’, held two shopping bags as he faced down a line of tanks in the square, which a day earlier was the site of a bloody massacre in which thousands of people were killed. Many social media users commented that the lone man seen in the footage in Ukraine is the country’s ‘Tank man’ as it continues to come under attack from Russian forces. There were reports of fresh explosions in Kyiv on Friday night following another day of intense fighting. In a dramatic late-night address to the nation, Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky warned Russia will try to storm the capital. ‘This night will be hard, very hard, but morning will come,’ he said. ‘This night the enemy will be using all available means to break our resistance. This night they will launch an assault. ‘This night we must persevere. The fate of Ukraine is being decided right now.’ He said ‘many cities are under attack’, including Chernihiv, Sumy and Kharkiv in the north, parts of the disputed Donbas region and cities of southern Ukraine. He told residents to stay safe and seek shelter from missile attacks but called on those who can to do what it takes to ‘stop the enemy’.  Putin reveals his true motives by telling Ukraine army to remove Kyiv leadership   Nato prepares for battle with more troops to defend eastern Europe   Russia suspended from body set up as a result of WWII  He said: ‘Anyone who has already joined the defence of the country or can help the defence – stop the enemy wherever you can, close the special signs that saboteurs leave on the roads and buildings. ‘Burn enemy vehicles with everything you can. ‘If even kindergartens are an acceptable goal for the invaders, you should not leave them any chance.’ Although Ukraine’s army is outnumbered by Russian forces, intelligence officials say Putin is being met with stronger resistance than anticipated. Zelensky has continued to put on a defiant front, even breaking cover to send a message of support from the streets of Kyiv despite Russian forces hunting him down. Several countries including the UK and US hit Russia with extra sanctions on Friday as it vetoed a UN resolution calling for an end to the invasion. Putin revealed his true intentions for invading Ukraine earlier today when he called for the army to overthrow the democratically elected leader. Intelligence officials believe Putin is seeking to re-draw the world map and revive Russia’s Cold War-era influence by invading Ukraine, fuelling fears of a wider war in Europe. Nato earlier pledged to bolster its eastern flank while the UK, US and EU announced personal sanctions against Putin amid warnings he ‘will not stop at Ukraine.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!