This took place at the inaugural Restaurants Award ceremony held by Bolt Food to honour, appreciate and celebrate restaurants on its platform for their commitment to quality, provision of outstanding services and professionalism – from service delivery, to the meals they serve. The ceremony also included reflection on the platform’s achievements, and celebration of key milestones together with its community of couriers and restaurants. “We are happy to take this time to celebrate and recognize the efforts and commitments of our incredible restaurant partners. The Bolt Food awards are a recognition of our partne restaurants’ hard work and dedication to provide amazing food to the communities that they are part of.  As a leading brand, we have the absolute pleasure of working closely with all of the restaurants, and I couldn’t be happier to see them being celebrated,” said Edgar Kipng’etich Kitur, Bolt Food Country Manager. This year’s winners were selected based on carefully analyzed data and statistics which included the frequency of orders made through the Bolt Food platform, and feedback from customers. The award categories and restaurants that received them included The King of local food – Agulu lounge, Never Gonna Give You Up – KFC, Treat Yourself – Red Ginger, Loved By Locals – Java House, Hidden Gem – Jakoni Prestige, Rising Star – Frangos Bar & Churrasqueira, Verified Vegetarian  – Chowpaty, Best Value For Money  –  Maples Oven, Early Bird –  Barista & Co and Lunchtime Favorite –  DILLI! Curries & Grill. “The best part about the campaign is that the awards are actually handed out by bolt food customers, because, in deciding on whom to receive the Golden Broccoli trophies, we took into consideration the number of orders, quality of orders and other criteria that are evaluated solely in-app, by our users, throughout the year,” added Edgar Kipng’etich Kitur. The Bolt Food restaurant awards are granted for the culinary merits of partnering restaurants and in recognition of the critical role that they play in their communities: Bringing people together around good food, keeping people safe and away from crowded places during the pandemic, and offering exciting and intense culinary experiences from around Nairobi and its environs, to the comfort of people’s homes. Bolt Food also awarded its 50 top couriers, last year in December for their excellent delivery and customer services. The ceremony provided a platform for the couriers to interact with the Bolt Food’s team and share key learnings. Since its launch, Bolt Food has received positive feedback on the convenience, quality and great selection of restaurants, with different delicacies at great prices. Currently, Bolt Food serves over 40 estates within Nairobi, with over 600 restaurants enlisted for their customers. The brand continues to provide viable economic opportunities to thousands of people in its dynamic ecosystem, including expanding the restaurant customer base and creating job opportunities for thousands of couriers.  The post Bolt Food Awards 10 Kenyan Restaurants for Quality Service appeared first on TechEconomy.ng. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!