{"@context":"https://schema.org","@type":"VideoObject","name":"Metro.co.uk","duration":"T59S","thumbnailUrl":"https://i.dailymail.co.uk/1s/2022/02/22/08/54493235-0-image-a-16_1645519690799.jpg","uploadDate":"2022-02-22T08:47:42+0000","description":"'Imagine being able to do this.'","contentUrl":"https://videos.metro.co.uk/video/met/2022/02/22/8959504896512014043/480x270_MP4_8959504896512014043.mp4","height":270,"width":480}  To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
                        browser that
                        supports HTML5
                            video Punters have been absolutely taken by one polyglot reporter bringing the latest updates from Kyiv amid the invasion from Russia overnight – in six languages. As ominous footage of Russian tanks entering Ukraine emerged, and Health Secretary Sajid Javid said ‘we are waking up to a very dark day in Europe’, one man, Philip Crowther is on the scene bringing us the intel in not one, not two (we’ll be here forever at this pace) but six languages. And, he doesn’t miss a beat in any of them. Well, he doesn’t appear to. Sadly we do not speak six languages, so we’re just going specifically on vibe here. Reporting on the developing conflict between Russia and Ukraine from Kyiv last night as an international affiliate correspondent for The Associated Press, Crowther shared a clip of himself bringing the news live on camera in English, Luxembourgish, Spanish, Portuguese, French and German, and tickle us impressed. The clip Crowther posted has well and truly gone viral, with more than 3.8million views at time of reporting, more than 43,000 likes, 7,000 retweets and 3,700 quote tweets all echoing the same sentiment of ‘WTF’. One shared some solid business advice, writing: ‘If I were him I’d be asking for a raise every 6 months just to see them beg me to stay,’ while another Twitter user was dropping some truth bombs: ‘This bloke is speaking six languages and here I am learning that Luxembourgish is a word.’ Addressing the fact Crowther had shared the clip himself in a spot of self-promotion, another wrote: ‘Gotta respect this man tweeting about it himself. We stan a proud multilingual king.’ And one perfectly posited: ‘But can he speak Welsh?’ Sharing his background on his website, Crowther was born in Luxembourg to a British father and German mother. After attending university in London, he was a reporter and news anchor at France 24 in Paris, covering events in Ghana, Angola, South Africa, Germany, the United Kingdom, as well as the revolution in Libya, before moving to Washington in 2011. It comes as President Putin recognised two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine as independent states in a major escalation of tensions, with Boris Johnson expected to give a statement to parliament on the UK’s next steps later today. This morning he warned that Putin is bent on ‘full scale invasion of Ukraine’ and said the ‘first barrage of UK economic sanctions against Russia’ will be revealed this afternoon. There has been heavy fighting overnight around Luhansk and Donetsk, two areas which have been held by pro-Russian separatists since 2014, and until yesterday, when Putin signed agreements on cooperation and friendship with the two regions after a rambling address to the nation, their status and future had been a grey area and the conflict around them effectively frozen. The formal recognition was described as an ‘ill omen’ and ‘a big moment in this crisis’ by worried leaders around the world. Putin said he would send Russian troops to Luhansk and Donetsk for ‘peacekeeping’ – raising fears that this could mark the start of a military incursion. Now, Russian troops appear to be on the move towards the illegal republics in the east of Ukraine with unverified footage circulated on social media appearing to show convoys of vehicles, said to be containing Russian soldiers, heading into Ukraine. Reuters also reported seeing new levels of heavy military vehicles around Donetsk overnight, including tanks. The Cobra meeting follows an emergency session of the UN Security Council, where the UK’s ambassador Dame Barbara Woodward said Russia has ‘brought us to the brink’, warning that the country’s actions ‘will have severe and far-reaching consequences’. She said an invasion would unleash ‘the forces of war, death and destruction’ on the people of Ukraine. ‘The humanitarian impact will be terrible on civilians fleeing the fighting. We know that women and children will suffer most.’  Boris calls emergency 6.30am meeting on Ukraine as UK to impose sanctions on Russia   Putin orders ‘peacekeeping’ operation in breakaway regions of Ukraine   Joe Biden will sanction separatist regions in Ukraine that Putin recognized as independent  Mr Johnson also outlined his ‘grave concern’ at recent developments in a phone call with the Ukrainian president on Monday night, and said he would consider further ‘defensive support’. The European Union and United States are also imposing sanctions in response to the crisis. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. Receive top breaking news, events, ideas, and more!